Describe the habit of bai dao dou.
Describe the habit of dao dou.
Describe the habit of Madagaskarbohne.
Describe the habit of jackbohne.
Describe the habit of bhindee.
Describe the habit of bhindi.
Describe the habit of bindi.
Describe the habit of bumbo.
Describe the habit of bunga depros.
Describe the habit of calulu'.
Describe the habit of cantarella.
Describe the habit of chaucha turca.
Describe the habit of dâu bap.
Describe the habit of Eibisch.
Describe the habit of frutto d‚ibisco.
Describe the habit of gobbo.
Describe the habit of gombaut.
Describe the habit of gombo.
Describe the habit of Gombro.
Describe the habit of haluyoy.
Describe the habit of huang qiu kui.
Describe the habit of ibisco.
Describe the habit of kacang bendi.
Describe the habit of kacang lender.
Describe the habit of kembang dapros.
Describe the habit of ketmie comestible.
Describe the habit of kopi arab.
Describe the habit of krachiap man.
Describe the habit of krachiapkhieo.
Describe the habit of lady fingers.
Describe the habit of lady's finger.
Describe the habit of mesta.
Describe the habit of ocra.
Describe the habit of okay.
Describe the habit of oker.
Describe the habit of okra.
Describe the habit of okro.
Describe the habit of okura.
Describe the habit of quiabo.
Describe the habit of quimbambo.
Describe the habit of quimgombó.
Describe the habit of quingombo.
Describe the habit of ramturai.
Describe the habit of rosenapfel.
Describe the habit of saluyota bunga.
Describe the habit of sayur bendi.
Describe the habit of tori.
Describe the habit of tuah lek.
Describe the habit of vendakai.
Describe the habit of yong kok dau.
Describe the habit of neka (Simbo).
Describe the habit of bele (Fiji).
Describe the habit of pele (Tonga.
Describe the habit of Tuvalu).
Describe the habit of aibika.
Describe the habit of island cabbage.
Describe the habit of baera.
Describe the habit of bush spinach.
Describe the habit of peli.
Describe the habit of slippery cabbage (Solomon Is.).
Describe the habit of bush cabbage.
Describe the habit of slipery kabis.
Describe the habit of Acacia Coral.
Describe the habit of adenantero.
Describe the habit of Agati.
Describe the habit of Agati Petite Feuille.
Describe the habit of Arbreglise.
Describe the habit of Barbados coralwood.
Describe the habit of Barbados pride.
Describe the habit of bead tree.
Describe the habit of Bois Noir de Bourbon.
Describe the habit of Bois Noir la Graine.
Describe the habit of Bois Noir Rouge.
Describe the habit of Bois Noir.
Describe the habit of caralillo.
Describe the habit of caralín.
Describe the habit of carolina.
Describe the habit of chan‚trèi.
Describe the habit of circassian bean.
Describe the habit of circassian seed.
Describe the habit of Corail Vegetale.
Describe the habit of Coral Wood.
Describe the habit of coral.
Describe the habit of Coralitos.
Describe the habit of coralitos peonía.
Describe the habit of crab's eyes.
Describe the habit of Curly Bean.
Describe the habit of Deleite.
Describe the habit of Delicia.
Describe the habit of Dilmawi.
Describe the habit of église.
Describe the habit of Extranjera.
Describe the habit of flower-fence.
Describe the habit of Graine-r‚glisse.
Describe the habit of Graines Rouges.
Describe the habit of Jumbi Bead.
Describe the habit of L‚glise.
Describe the habit of jumbie bead.
Describe the habit of kitoke laut.
Describe the habit of Lagati.
Describe the habit of lam.
Describe the habit of legliz.
Describe the habit of Lera.
Describe the habit of lopa.
Describe the habit of ma clam ta cheng.
Describe the habit of ma clam ton.
Describe the habit of ma hok daeng.
Describe the habit of mai-chek.
Describe the habit of malatinglin.
Describe the habit of mangelim.
Describe the habit of olho de pavao.
Describe the habit of Paina.
Describe the habit of peacock flower-fence.
Describe the habit of peronía.
Describe the habit of peronías.
Describe the habit of Pitipitio.
Describe the habit of Pomea.
Describe the habit of Popoa.
Describe the habit of R‚glisse.
Describe the habit of raktakambal.
Describe the habit of Red Bead Tree.
Describe the habit of Red Sandalwood Tree.
Describe the habit of Red Sandalwood.
Describe the habit of reglisse.
Describe the habit of saga telik.
Describe the habit of saga tumpul.
Describe the habit of saga.
Describe the habit of sandal bead tree.
Describe the habit of segawe sabrang.
Describe the habit of suga.
Describe the habit of temo-carolina.
Describe the habit of tento carolina.
Describe the habit of Vaivai Ni Vavalagired.
Describe the habit of sandalwood tree.
Describe the habit of zumbic tree.
Describe the habit of candlenut.
Describe the habit of tuitui (Tonga).
Describe the habit of lama.
Describe the habit of Candle nut.
Describe the habit of wild leek.
Describe the habit of vine leek.
Describe the habit of Levant garlic.
Describe the habit of alho porro bravo.
Describe the habit of liiki.
Describe the habit of onion.
Describe the habit of potato onion.
Describe the habit of shallot.
Describe the habit of echalote.
Describe the habit of oignon.
Describe the habit of cebolla.
Describe the habit of basal.
Describe the habit of cebola.
Describe the habit of cipolla.
Describe the habit of Zwiebel.
Describe the habit of Küchenzwiebel.
Describe the habit of lök.
Describe the habit of rödlök.
Describe the habit of løg.
Describe the habit of rødløg.
Describe the habit of kepaløk.
Describe the habit of ruokasipuli.
Describe the habit of ui.
Describe the habit of ajuin.
Describe the habit of mózespecsenye.
Describe the habit of zsidószalonna.
Describe the habit of hagyma.
Describe the habit of vöröshagyma.
Describe the habit of zöldhagyma.
Describe the habit of újhagyma (green onion).
Describe the habit of cibule.
Describe the habit of ceba.
Describe the habit of cepo.
Describe the habit of sercajo.
Describe the habit of spritajo.
Describe the habit of uinnean.
Describe the habit of Bulbus Allii Cepae.
Describe the habit of uie.
Describe the habit of luk.
Describe the habit of cebula jadalna.
Describe the habit of sogan.
Describe the habit of pias.
Describe the habit of kremmídi.
Describe the habit of laukur.
Describe the habit of yang-ts'ung.
Describe the habit of chung.
Describe the habit of cong.
Describe the habit of ts'ung.
Describe the habit of chung tau.
Describe the habit of ts'ung tau.
Describe the habit of yang ts'ung.
Describe the habit of tamanegi.
Describe the habit of atasuki.
Describe the habit of wakegi.
Describe the habit of kalik.
Describe the habit of piaz.
Describe the habit of piyaz.
Describe the habit of varosa.
Describe the habit of key shinkurt.
Describe the habit of ponoru.
Describe the habit of pianj.
Describe the habit of kesunni.
Describe the habit of kyet-thun-ni.
Describe the habit of harili sibul.
Describe the habit of dungari.
Describe the habit of yarok.
Describe the habit of batzal.
Describe the habit of bawang merah.
Describe the habit of bawang daun.
Describe the habit of daun bawang (green leaf).
Describe the habit of nirulli.
Describe the habit of khtim slek.
Describe the habit of khtim kraham.
Describe the habit of phak bouo.
Describe the habit of bawang daun (green leaf).
Describe the habit of ulli.
Describe the habit of kanda.
Describe the habit of piaja.
Describe the habit of ayun.
Describe the habit of peyaz.
Describe the habit of ceapã.
Describe the habit of palandu.
Describe the habit of lunu.
Describe the habit of kitunguu.
Describe the habit of sibuyas.
Describe the habit of irulli.
Describe the habit of vengayam.
Describe the habit of ton hom.
Describe the habit of hua hom.
Describe the habit of hanh.
Describe the habit of lasóna.
Describe the habit of branching onion.
Describe the habit of Spanish onion.
Describe the habit of Japanese bunching onion.
Describe the habit of chibol.
Describe the habit of Spring onion.
Describe the habit of stone leek.
Describe the habit of Japanese leek.
Describe the habit of Welsh onion.
Describe the habit of ceboleta de Espanha.
Describe the habit of whitespot.
Describe the habit of giant arum.
Describe the habit of purple amaranth.
Describe the habit of amaranth.
Describe the habit of kata natay.
Describe the habit of chulai.
Describe the habit of elephant foot yam.
Describe the habit of elephant yam.
Describe the habit of yam.
Describe the habit of mamuang himmaphan.
Describe the habit of yaruang.
Describe the habit of mamuang letlor.
Describe the habit of cashew.
Describe the habit of cashew nut.
Describe the habit of acajou á pomme.
Describe the habit of noix d'acajou.
Describe the habit of marañon.
Describe the habit of casho.
Describe the habit of cashu.
Describe the habit of cajou.
Describe the habit of anacardier.
Describe the habit of caju.
Describe the habit of acajú.
Describe the habit of kasjoe.
Describe the habit of mereke.
Describe the habit of kaju.
Describe the habit of apu initia.
Describe the habit of kesiu.
Describe the habit of cashewnuss.
Describe the habit of cashewbaum.
Describe the habit of jambu mortyet.
Describe the habit of jambu mede.
Describe the habit of gajus.
Describe the habit of jambu monyet.
Describe the habit of kasoy.
Describe the habit of balubad.
Describe the habit of balogo.
Describe the habit of thiho thayet si.
Describe the habit of svaay chantii.
Describe the habit of dao lon hot.
Describe the habit of cay dieu.
Describe the habit of nut-cashew.
Describe the habit of pineapple.
Describe the habit of pina.
Describe the habit of po lo mah.
Describe the habit of ananas.
Describe the habit of abacaxi.
Describe the habit of vadra.
Describe the habit of vainaviu.
Describe the habit of andras.
Describe the habit of hukifa.
Describe the habit of fala'aiga.
Describe the habit of faina.
Describe the habit of ara painapa (Cooks).
Describe the habit of balawa.
Describe the habit of fala papalagi.
Describe the habit of painapolo (Tuvalu).
Describe the habit of sub-pah-rohd.
Describe the habit of soursop.
Describe the habit of corossol épineux.
Describe the habit of Stachelannone.
Describe the habit of zuurzak.
Describe the habit of guanabana.
Describe the habit of sirsak.
Describe the habit of nangka belanda.
Describe the habit of nangka seberang.
Describe the habit of durian belanda.
Describe the habit of durian benggala.
Describe the habit of durian makkah.
Describe the habit of saua sap.
Describe the habit of guayabano.
Describe the habit of atti.
Describe the habit of llabanos.
Describe the habit of tiep banla.
Describe the habit of tiep barang.
Describe the habit of khan thalot.
Describe the habit of khièp thét.
Describe the habit of thurian-thet.
Describe the habit of thurian-khaek.
Describe the habit of rian-nam.
Describe the habit of mang câù xiê.
Describe the habit of seremaia.
Describe the habit of sarifa.
Describe the habit of talapo fotofoto.
Describe the habit of sasalapa.
Describe the habit of 'apeli'initia.
Describe the habit of apeli'initia.
Describe the habit of sapsap.
Describe the habit of custard apple.
Describe the habit of bullock's heart.
Describe the habit of sugar apple.
Describe the habit of anona.
Describe the habit of anona colodado.
Describe the habit of anona rosada.
Describe the habit of corazon.
Describe the habit of coracao de boi.
Describe the habit of cahuex.
Describe the habit of pox.
Describe the habit of qualtzapotl.
Describe the habit of tzimuy.
Describe the habit of sugar apple.
Describe the habit of sweetsop.
Describe the habit of scaly custard apple.
Describe the habit of custard apple.
Describe the habit of zuckerapfel.
Describe the habit of stachelanone.
Describe the habit of cherimoya.
Describe the habit of attier.
Describe the habit of poreroe cannelle.
Describe the habit of pomme cannelle.
Describe the habit of anon.
Describe the habit of anon de azucar.
Describe the habit of anona de castilla.
Describe the habit of fruta do conde.
Describe the habit of scopappel.
Describe the habit of kaneelappel.
Describe the habit of fan-li-chi.
Describe the habit of sirkaja.
Describe the habit of sarikaja.
Describe the habit of atis.
Describe the habit of ata.
Describe the habit of luna.
Describe the habit of meba.
Describe the habit of sharifa.
Describe the habit of sarifa.
Describe the habit of sitaphal.
Describe the habit of sita pandu.
Describe the habit of nona sri kaya.
Describe the habit of bnah nona.
Describe the habit of seri kaya.
Describe the habit of tiep baay.
Describe the habit of tiep.
Describe the habit of mang cau ta.
Describe the habit of noinah.
Describe the habit of manonah.
Describe the habit of makkhiap.
Describe the habit of lanang.
Describe the habit of mak khbieb.
Describe the habit of na.
Describe the habit of mang caua ta.
Describe the habit of qu a na.
Describe the habit of wild celery.
Describe the habit of celery.
Describe the habit of celery seed.
Describe the habit of apio.
Describe the habit of celeri.
Describe the habit of Sellerie.
Describe the habit of selleri.
Describe the habit of karafs.
Describe the habit of selderij.
Describe the habit of sedano.
Describe the habit of aipo.
Describe the habit of syel'derey.
Describe the habit of serorii.
Describe the habit of ch'in.
Describe the habit of Apii folium.
Describe the habit of seldery.
Describe the habit of celery.
Describe the habit of hoop pine.
Describe the habit of colonial pine.
Describe the habit of Richmond river pine.
Describe the habit of alloa.
Describe the habit of ningwik.
Describe the habit of pien.
Describe the habit of betel nut palm.
Describe the habit of betel nut.
Describe the habit of arecanut.
Describe the habit of areca nut.
Describe the habit of areca palm.
Describe the habit of betel palm.
Describe the habit of Arekapalme.
Describe the habit of noix d`arec.
Describe the habit of Betelnusspalme.
Describe the habit of Iburu (Simbo).
Describe the habit of heta (Roviana).
Describe the habit of buai.
Describe the habit of kabibi.
Describe the habit of Arecae semen.
Describe the habit of Semen arecae.
Describe the habit of Nuces arecae.
Describe the habit of Ping lang.
Describe the habit of arequier.
Describe the habit of supari.
Describe the habit of pinang.
Describe the habit of gua.
Describe the habit of adike.
Describe the habit of kamuya.
Describe the habit of poka-vakka.
Describe the habit of kun.
Describe the habit of thamul.
Describe the habit of adikke.
Describe the habit of aakkamaram.
Describe the habit of kavungu.
Describe the habit of pophal.
Describe the habit of kamugu.
Describe the habit of pakku maram.
Describe the habit of vakka.
Describe the habit of jack fruit.
Describe the habit of jackfruit.
Describe the habit of jacquiet.
Describe the habit of nangka.
Describe the habit of nongko.
Describe the habit of kapiak.
Describe the habit of langka.
Describe the habit of peignai.
Describe the habit of khnadr.
Describe the habit of miiz.
Describe the habit of miiz hnang.
Describe the habit of khanun.
Describe the habit of makmi.
Describe the habit of banun.
Describe the habit of mít.
Describe the habit of Mfenesi.
Describe the habit of giant reed.
Describe the habit of gasau ni vavalagi.
Describe the habit of wild cane.
Describe the habit of asparagus.
Describe the habit of espárrago.
Describe the habit of aspargo.
Describe the habit of Spargel.
Describe the habit of oat.
Describe the habit of oats.
Describe the habit of hawer.
Describe the habit of hafer.
Describe the habit of avena.
Describe the habit of avoine.
Describe the habit of avoine farine.
Describe the habit of vanlig havre.
Describe the habit of havre.
Describe the habit of almindelig havre.
Describe the habit of peltokaura.
Describe the habit of kaura.
Describe the habit of akurhafrar.
Describe the habit of saat-hafer.
Describe the habit of blimbi.
Describe the habit of kamrakh.
Describe the habit of Bilimbi.
Describe the habit of Tree cucumber.
Describe the habit of five corner.
Describe the habit of carambola.
Describe the habit of carambole.
Describe the habit of wi ni jaina.
Describe the habit of wi ni idia.
Describe the habit of kamrakh.
Describe the habit of star fruit.
Describe the habit of Faiv kona.
Describe the habit of karmara.
Describe the habit of belimbing pessegi.
Describe the habit of belimbing saji.
Describe the habit of belimbing batu.
Describe the habit of belembing pessegi.
Describe the habit of belembing sayur.
Describe the habit of kambola.
Describe the habit of balimbin.
Describe the habit of galangan.
Describe the habit of garahan.
Describe the habit of sirinato.
Describe the habit of wou-lien.
Describe the habit of caykhe (Indochina).
Describe the habit of vinagrillo (Dominican Rep.).
Describe the habit of mamoncillo chino (Panama).
Describe the habit of ziblime (Haiti).
Describe the habit of carnico.
Describe the habit of Indian cucumber.
Describe the habit of turiguno.
Describe the habit of cayenne lime.
Describe the habit of Chinese tamarind.
Describe the habit of sweet tamarind.
Describe the habit of common bamboo.
Describe the habit of feathery bamboo.
Describe the habit of bambu' vulgar.
Describe the habit of Mambu.
Describe the habit of Murangi.
Describe the habit of golden bamboo.
Describe the habit of poeierkwasboom.
Describe the habit of kye-bin.
Describe the habit of kyi.
Describe the habit of brack-water mangrove.
Describe the habit of common putat.
Describe the habit of freshwater mangrove.
Describe the habit of hippo apple.
Describe the habit of powder-puff tree.
Describe the habit of wild guava.
Describe the habit of apalang.
Describe the habit of butan darat.
Describe the habit of penggung.
Describe the habit of putat sungai.
Describe the habit of som pawng.
Describe the habit of putat ayam.
Describe the habit of putat ayer.
Describe the habit of putat aying.
Describe the habit of putat kampong.
Describe the habit of chik ban.
Describe the habit of chik suan.
Describe the habit of mangrove.
Describe the habit of Malabar spinach.
Describe the habit of white stem Malabar spinach.
Describe the habit of Ceylon spinach.
Describe the habit of Indian spinach.
Describe the habit of white vine spinach.
Describe the habit of vine spinach.
Describe the habit of Malabar nightshade.
Describe the habit of country spinach.
Describe the habit of bertalha vermelha.
Describe the habit of Malabarspinat.
Describe the habit of basela branca.
Describe the habit of bertalha branca.
Describe the habit of basela vermelha.
Describe the habit of melao de soldado.
Describe the habit of sabao de soldado.
Describe the habit of Malabar spinach.
Describe the habit of red stem Malabar spinach.
Describe the habit of Ceylon spinach.
Describe the habit of Indian spinach.
Describe the habit of red vine spinach.
Describe the habit of vine spinach.
Describe the habit of Malabar nightshade.
Describe the habit of Malabarspinat.
Describe the habit of orchid tree.
Describe the habit of bauhinia.
Describe the habit of camels foot.
Describe the habit of mountain-ebony.
Describe the habit of poor man's orchid.
Describe the habit of rakta-kanchan.
Describe the habit of kachnar.
Describe the habit of kotidaram.
Describe the habit of flamboyán orquídea.
Describe the habit of palo de orquídeas.
Describe the habit of segapumanchorii.
Describe the habit of wax gourd.
Describe the habit of winter gourd.
Describe the habit of fuzzy melon.
Describe the habit of hairy melon.
Describe the habit of Chinese squash.
Describe the habit of Chinese moqua.
Describe the habit of Chinese preserving melon.
Describe the habit of Chinese vegetable marrow.
Describe the habit of Chinese winter melon.
Describe the habit of moqua.
Describe the habit of zit-kwa.
Describe the habit of Silver beet.
Describe the habit of Beetroot.
Describe the habit of Sugarbeet.
Describe the habit of Zuckerrübe.
Describe the habit of beggar's tick.
Describe the habit of cobbler's pegs.
Describe the habit of common blackjack.
Describe the habit of black jack.
Describe the habit of Spanish needle.
Describe the habit of farmer's friend.
Describe the habit of pitchforks.
Describe the habit of shepherd's needles.
Describe the habit of butterfly needles.
Describe the habit of needleandthread.
Describe the habit of piquants noirs.
Describe the habit of amor seco.
Describe the habit of picao preto.
Describe the habit of cuamba.
Describe the habit of xian feng cao.
Describe the habit of chegogit.
Describe the habit of fisi'uli.
Describe the habit of kofe tonga.
Describe the habit of kofetoga.
Describe the habit of batimadramadra.
Describe the habit of mbatimandramandra.
Describe the habit of mbatikalawau.
Describe the habit of matakaro.
Describe the habit of matua kamate.
Describe the habit of ki.
Describe the habit of ki nehe.
Describe the habit of ki pipili.
Describe the habit of ko'oko'olau.
Describe the habit of ki nahelehele.
Describe the habit of nehe.
Describe the habit of gewone knap-se-kêrel.
Describe the habit of knapsakkerwel.
Describe the habit of umhlabangubo.
Describe the habit of amalenjane.
Describe the habit of isikhathula.
Describe the habit of ugamfe.
Describe the habit of ucucuza.
Describe the habit of umesisi.
Describe the habit of uqadolo.
Describe the habit of piripiri (Cook Islands).
Describe the habit of tae puaka (Futuna).
Describe the habit of kurrajong.
Describe the habit of Chinese cabbage.
Describe the habit of pak choi.
Describe the habit of pakchoi.
Describe the habit of Pe-tsai.
Describe the habit of petsai.
Describe the habit of wong bok.
Describe the habit of wongbok.
Describe the habit of Chinese salad.
Describe the habit of Chou chinois (Fr).
Describe the habit of kapisi.
Describe the habit of kapeti ni jaina (Fiji).
Describe the habit of kapisi siaina (Tonga.
Describe the habit of Tuvalu).
Describe the habit of Indian mustard.
Describe the habit of mustard greens.
Describe the habit of brown mustard.
Describe the habit of Chinese mustard.
Describe the habit of rape.
Describe the habit of olraps.
Describe the habit of colza.
Describe the habit of raapzaad.
Describe the habit of rypsi.
Describe the habit of raps.
Describe the habit of rapsi.
Describe the habit of oil-seed rape.
Describe the habit of canola.
Describe the habit of rutabaga.
Describe the habit of fodder rape.
Describe the habit of hungry gap kale.
Describe the habit of winter oil seed rape.
Describe the habit of swede rape.
Describe the habit of Siberian kale.
Describe the habit of rape seed.
Describe the habit of swede.
Describe the habit of Onions (bulb).
Describe the habit of cauliflower.
Describe the habit of chou fleur (French).
Describe the habit of coliflor (Spanish).
Describe the habit of cavolfiore (Italian).
Describe the habit of broccoli.
Describe the habit of heading broccoli.
Describe the habit of brocoli (French).
Describe the habit of broccoli (Italian).
Describe the habit of brocoli (Spanish).
Describe the habit of cabbage.
Describe the habit of Shetland cabbage.
Describe the habit of Savoy cabbage.
Describe the habit of white cabbage.
Describe the habit of red cabbage.
Describe the habit of chou (Fr).
Describe the habit of repollo (Spanish).
Describe the habit of cavolo (Italian).
Describe the habit of kraut (German).
Describe the habit of kapeti kovu (Fiji).
Describe the habit of kapisi palangi (Tuvalu).
Describe the habit of kapisi.
Describe the habit of kebis.
Describe the habit of Brussels sprouts.
Describe the habit of chou de Bruxelles (French).
Describe the habit of col de bruselas (Spanish).
Describe the habit of cavolini di Bruxelles (Italian).
Describe the habit of broccoli.
Describe the habit of sprouting broccoli.
Describe the habit of spear cauliflower.
Describe the habit of calabrese.
Describe the habit of cape broccoli.
Describe the habit of winter.
Describe the habit of purple cauliflower.
Describe the habit of nine-star perennial broccoli.
Describe the habit of paper mulberry.
Describe the habit of tapa.
Describe the habit of masi.
Describe the habit of ai masi.
Describe the habit of malo.
Describe the habit of u'a.
Describe the habit of hiapo.
Describe the habit of Polynesian mulberry.
Describe the habit of Tapa plant.
Describe the habit of congo pea.
Describe the habit of pigeon pea.
Describe the habit of frijol de arbol.
Describe the habit of gandul.
Describe the habit of gandures.
Describe the habit of guandul.
Describe the habit of guand.
Describe the habit of guandú.
Describe the habit of kumanda yvyra'í (Paraguay).
Describe the habit of gungo pea.
Describe the habit of lenteja.
Describe the habit of pigeon pea bush.
Describe the habit of pois cajan.
Describe the habit of pois congo.
Describe the habit of pois d'angole.
Describe the habit of pois d'angolie.
Describe the habit of Pigeonerbse.
Describe the habit of pwa angole.
Describe the habit of arhar.
Describe the habit of quinchonchillo.
Describe the habit of quinchoncho.
Describe the habit of thuvarai.
Describe the habit of duiweboon.
Describe the habit of Alexandria laurel.
Describe the habit of Indian laurel.
Describe the habit of nabangura.
Describe the habit of tamanu.
Describe the habit of dilo.
Describe the habit of te itai.
Describe the habit of fetau.
Describe the habit of Kamani.
Describe the habit of Beauty leaf.
Describe the habit of Chinese chives.
Describe the habit of Oriental garlic.
Describe the habit of nira.
Describe the habit of cuchay.
Describe the habit of ku ts'ai.
Describe the habit of cebolinho da China.
Describe the habit of tea.
Describe the habit of ti.
Describe the habit of chah.
Describe the habit of cha.
Describe the habit of tee.
Describe the habit of ngali nut.
Describe the habit of canarium almond.
Describe the habit of canarium nut.
Describe the habit of nut - ngali.
Describe the habit of kenari ambon.
Describe the habit of jal.
Describe the habit of kanari bagéa.
Describe the habit of galip.
Describe the habit of lawela.
Describe the habit of hinuei.
Describe the habit of kenari.
Describe the habit of nangai.
Describe the habit of jack bean.
Describe the habit of sword bean.
Describe the habit of horse gram.
Describe the habit of Brazilian broad bean.
Describe the habit of coffee bean.
Describe the habit of ensiform bean.
Describe the habit of horse bean.
Describe the habit of mole bean.
Describe the habit of bean-jack.
Describe the habit of Patagonian bean.
Describe the habit of haricot sabre.
Describe the habit of pois sabre.
Describe the habit of haricot sabre à grain blanc.
Describe the habit of fève jacques.
Describe the habit of haricot de Madagascar.
Describe the habit of frijol papa.
Describe the habit of papa.
Describe the habit of feijao de porco.
Describe the habit of feijão espada.
Describe the habit of yang dao dou.
Describe the habit of da dao dou.
Describe the habit of abelmoskus.
Describe the habit of america-neri.
Describe the habit of bakhua mun.
Describe the habit of bamia.
Describe the habit of bamija.
Describe the habit of bamya.
Describe the habit of bandakai.
Describe the habit of bende'.
Describe the habit of suha.
Describe the habit of shouk-ton-oh.
Describe the habit of som-o.
Describe the habit of lemon.
Describe the habit of standard lemon.
Describe the habit of acid lemon.
Describe the habit of Meyer lemon.
Describe the habit of bush lemon.
Describe the habit of Persian apple.
Describe the habit of citron.
Describe the habit of citronnier.
Describe the habit of schwertbohne.
Describe the habit of tachinata mame.
Describe the habit of shiro nata mame.
Describe the habit of tsurunachinata mame.
Describe the habit of jackbønne.
Describe the habit of kara bendo.
Describe the habit of zwaardboon.
Describe the habit of kumanda guazú.
Describe the habit of canna lily.
Describe the habit of fagamanu.
Describe the habit of gasau ni ga.
Describe the habit of sweet pepper.
Describe the habit of chili pepper.
Describe the habit of green pepper.
Describe the habit of lajiao.
Describe the habit of pimenton.
Describe the habit of poivre de Guinee.
Describe the habit of paprika.
Describe the habit of spansk peppar.
Describe the habit of spaanse peper.
Describe the habit of peperone.
Describe the habit of pimentao.
Describe the habit of struchkovy pyerets.
Describe the habit of togarashi.
Describe the habit of hsiung-ya-li-chiao.
Describe the habit of filfil ahmar.
Describe the habit of polo papalagi.
Describe the habit of polo ula.
Describe the habit of cayenne pepper.
Describe the habit of perennial pepper.
Describe the habit of pimenton.
Describe the habit of poivre rouge.
Describe the habit of cayennepfeffer.
Describe the habit of kajennepeppar.
Describe the habit of cayennepepper.
Describe the habit of pepe di caienna.
Describe the habit of kayenski pyerets.
Describe the habit of la-chiao.
Describe the habit of filfil ahmar.
Describe the habit of chilli.
Describe the habit of hot pepper.
Describe the habit of tabasco pepper.
Describe the habit of polo.
Describe the habit of boro ni vavalagi.
Describe the habit of rokete.
Describe the habit of brandrissie.
Describe the habit of mircha.
Describe the habit of te beneka.
Describe the habit of polo fifisi.
Describe the habit of Sili.
Describe the habit of papaya.
Describe the habit of pawpaw.
Describe the habit of melon tree.
Describe the habit of papayier.
Describe the habit of arbre de melon.
Describe the habit of gedang.
Describe the habit of kates.
Describe the habit of betek.
Describe the habit of ketalah.
Describe the habit of kapaya.
Describe the habit of lapaya.
Describe the habit of thimbaw.
Describe the habit of lhong.
Describe the habit of doeum lahong.
Describe the habit of houng.
Describe the habit of malakor.
Describe the habit of loko.
Describe the habit of ma kuai thet.
Describe the habit of du du.
Describe the habit of esi.
Describe the habit of weleti.
Describe the habit of lesi.
Describe the habit of te papaya (Kiribati).
Describe the habit of loku(Niue).
Describe the habit of minita (Cook I).
Describe the habit of maniako (Simbo).
Describe the habit of Olesi (Tuvalu).
Describe the habit of takafo.
Describe the habit of papita.
Describe the habit of lechosa (Ven.).
Describe the habit of casimiroa.
Describe the habit of Mexican apple.
Describe the habit of white sapote.
Describe the habit of sapote blanc.
Describe the habit of zapote blanco.
Describe the habit of chapote.
Describe the habit of matasano.
Describe the habit of cacchique.
Describe the habit of ceaxmisttea.
Describe the habit of cochitzapoti.
Describe the habit of coffee senna.
Describe the habit of kapok.
Describe the habit of kapok tree.
Describe the habit of silk-cotton tree.
Describe the habit of Java cotton.
Describe the habit of god tree.
Describe the habit of ceiba.
Describe the habit of vavau ni lokoloko.
Describe the habit of vavae.
Describe the habit of white silk-cottontree.
Describe the habit of capoc.
Describe the habit of fromager.
Describe the habit of kapokier.
Describe the habit of Kapokbaum.
Describe the habit of sumauma.
Describe the habit of sumauma da varzea.
Describe the habit of poilao da sumauma.
Describe the habit of poilao forro.
Describe the habit of mafuma.
Describe the habit of mafumeira.
Describe the habit of paina lisa.
Describe the habit of ceba.
Describe the habit of oca'.
Describe the habit of arbol capoc.
Describe the habit of Celosia.
Describe the habit of Asiatic pennywort.
Describe the habit of Indian pennywort.
Describe the habit of marsh pennywort.
Describe the habit of tiger herbal.
Describe the habit of waternavel.
Describe the habit of gotu cola.
Describe the habit of water pennywort.
Describe the habit of hydrocotyle asiatique.
Describe the habit of centela.
Describe the habit of pegaga.
Describe the habit of trachiek kranh.
Describe the habit of duan Kaki Kuda.
Describe the habit of pegagan.
Describe the habit of antanan Gede.
Describe the habit of phak Nok.
Describe the habit of brahma-manduki.
Describe the habit of brahmi.
Describe the habit of min-kuabin.
Describe the habit of ghod Tapre.
Describe the habit of takip-kohol.
Describe the habit of tapingan-daga.
Describe the habit of hang-halo.
Describe the habit of icukudwane.
Describe the habit of totodro.
Describe the habit of tono.
Describe the habit of lapukapu.
Describe the habit of to'etupou.
Describe the habit of tona.
Describe the habit of tohetupou.
Describe the habit of bua bok.
Describe the habit of pa-na-e khaa-doh.
Describe the habit of phak wan.
Describe the habit of rau ma.
Describe the habit of lien tien thao.
Describe the habit of phae chen.
Describe the habit of tish tuyest tharo.
Describe the habit of caimito.
Describe the habit of starapple.
Describe the habit of caimite.
Describe the habit of pomme surette.
Describe the habit of sawo ijo.
Describe the habit of sawo hejo.
Describe the habit of sawo kadu.
Describe the habit of sawu duren.
Describe the habit of pepulut.
Describe the habit of sataa appoen.
Describe the habit of endive.
Describe the habit of chicory.
Describe the habit of common chicory.
Describe the habit of wild succory.
Describe the habit of Belgian endive.
Describe the habit of blue-sailor's succory.
Describe the habit of chickory.
Describe the habit of achicoria.
Describe the habit of chicorée.
Describe the habit of chicoria.
Describe the habit of sigorei.
Describe the habit of cikoria.
Describe the habit of vägvårda.
Describe the habit of sikori.
Describe the habit of cikorie.
Describe the habit of sikuri.
Describe the habit of Wegwarte.
Describe the habit of Glyceria Wegwarte.
Describe the habit of Cichorii herba.
Describe the habit of Cichorii radix.
Describe the habit of watermelon.
Describe the habit of pastèque.
Describe the habit of stolovyj arbuz.
Describe the habit of melani.
Describe the habit of sandia.
Describe the habit of melancia.
Describe the habit of hsi kwa.
Describe the habit of xigua.
Describe the habit of tarbuz.
Describe the habit of wassermelone.
Describe the habit of legapu.
Describe the habit of vandmelon.
Describe the habit of anguria.
Describe the habit of cocomero.
Describe the habit of tsamma.
Describe the habit of karkoer.
Describe the habit of tsamma melon.
Describe the habit of wild watermelon.
Describe the habit of bitterwaatlemoen.
Describe the habit of bitterboela.
Describe the habit of N!Ham.
Describe the habit of sour orange.
Describe the habit of bitter orange.
Describe the habit of pomelo.
Describe the habit of pummelo.
Describe the habit of shaddock.
Describe the habit of pamplemoussier.
Describe the habit of moli tonga.
Describe the habit of molikana.
Describe the habit of jeruk besar.
Describe the habit of jambua.
Describe the habit of lukban.
Describe the habit of mufungufungu.
Describe the habit of jilahi.
Describe the habit of Leberwurstbaum.
Describe the habit of rawuya.
Describe the habit of uturubein.
Describe the habit of mPolata.
Describe the habit of muzungula.
Describe the habit of limonier.
Describe the habit of limao.
Describe the habit of limoeiro.
Describe the habit of limón.
Describe the habit of limón agria.
Describe the habit of limonero.
Describe the habit of limón real.
Describe the habit of limón francés.
Describe the habit of limon amarillo.
Describe the habit of limone.
Describe the habit of citroen.
Describe the habit of Zitrone.
Describe the habit of jeruk limun.
Describe the habit of limau nipis.
Describe the habit of limau mata.
Describe the habit of krooch chhmaa veeng.
Describe the habit of naaw th'eed.
Describe the habit of naaw falang.
Describe the habit of manao-thet.
Describe the habit of manao-farang.
Describe the habit of manao-mairuho.
Describe the habit of chanh tay.
Describe the habit of moli karokaro.
Describe the habit of molisoraiara.
Describe the habit of molinivmalagi.
Describe the habit of khatta nabbu.
Describe the habit of khatto nabbu.
Describe the habit of tipolo.
Describe the habit of lemani.
Describe the habit of moli'ovi'ovia.
Describe the habit of moli patupatu.
Describe the habit of lain.
Describe the habit of muli.
Describe the habit of citron.
Describe the habit of citron tree.
Describe the habit of true citron.
Describe the habit of etrog.
Describe the habit of cedrat.
Describe the habit of cédratier.
Describe the habit of shamom (Oman).
Describe the habit of medischer apfel.
Describe the habit of cidrao.
Describe the habit of cidreira.
Describe the habit of limao rugoso.
Describe the habit of limao galego.
Describe the habit of cidro.
Describe the habit of jeruk sukade.
Describe the habit of sitrun.
Describe the habit of limau susu.
Describe the habit of muli.
Describe the habit of bulid.
Describe the habit of sidris.
Describe the habit of sidras.
Describe the habit of shouk-ta-kwah.
Describe the habit of vëëx.
Describe the habit of manao-khwai.
Describe the habit of somma-ngua.
Describe the habit of mawo-yao.
Describe the habit of thanh yên.
Describe the habit of grapefruit.
Describe the habit of pomelo.
Describe the habit of pamplemousse.
Describe the habit of limau gedang.
Describe the habit of moli sisuka.
Describe the habit of moli peli.
Describe the habit of muli.
Describe the habit of krooch thlong.
Describe the habit of kiengz s'aangz.
Describe the habit of cam.
Describe the habit of bu'o'i.
Describe the habit of pompelmo.
Describe the habit of Paradisapfel.
Describe the habit of toranja.
Describe the habit of jamboa.
Describe the habit of turingia.
Describe the habit of toronja.
Describe the habit of grapefrugt.
Describe the habit of mandarin.
Describe the habit of tangerine.
Describe the habit of Cleopatra mandarin.
Describe the habit of clementine.
Describe the habit of Satsuma orange.
Describe the habit of kid-glove orange.
Describe the habit of mandarinier.
Describe the habit of moli madarini.
Describe the habit of madarini.
Describe the habit of Mandarinenbaum.
Describe the habit of jeruk keprok.
Describe the habit of jeruk jepun.
Describe the habit of jeruk maseh.
Describe the habit of limau lang-kat.
Describe the habit of limau kupas.
Describe the habit of limau wangkang.
Describe the habit of sintones.
Describe the habit of krauch kvich.
Describe the habit of som hot.
Describe the habit of som lot.
Describe the habit of liou.
Describe the habit of tangerina.
Describe the habit of tangerineira.
Describe the habit of som khieo waan.
Describe the habit of som saengthong.
Describe the habit of ma baang.
Describe the habit of cam sanh.
Describe the habit of cay quit.
Describe the habit of narangi.
Describe the habit of nartjie.
Describe the habit of naartjie.
Describe the habit of moli saina.
Describe the habit of moli peli.
Describe the habit of orange.
Describe the habit of sweet orange.
Describe the habit of Valencia orange.
Describe the habit of oranger.
Describe the habit of oranger doux.
Describe the habit of birtukan.
Describe the habit of Apfelsine.
Describe the habit of jeruk manis.
Describe the habit of arancio.
Describe the habit of laranja doce.
Describe the habit of laranja vulgar.
Describe the habit of laranja-pera.
Describe the habit of naranja.
Describe the habit of limau manis.
Describe the habit of chula.
Describe the habit of choreng.
Describe the habit of sava orens.
Describe the habit of kahel.
Describe the habit of tung-chin-thi.
Describe the habit of krooch poosat.
Describe the habit of kiengz.
Describe the habit of somkliang.
Describe the habit of somtra.
Describe the habit of makhun.
Describe the habit of cam.
Describe the habit of mitha nimbu.
Describe the habit of moli 'aina.
Describe the habit of moli kai.
Describe the habit of Molilecau.
Describe the habit of Moliunumi.
Describe the habit of Molinitaiti.
Describe the habit of Molitaiti.
Describe the habit of Mol.
Describe the habit of Arani (Cook I).
Describe the habit of Olenisi (Tuvalu).
Describe the habit of Swit muli.
Describe the habit of citrus.
Describe the habit of agrumes.
Describe the habit of jeruk.
Describe the habit of limau.
Describe the habit of mull.
Describe the habit of shouk.
Describe the habit of krauch.
Describe the habit of mak.
Describe the habit of cam.
Describe the habit of Zitrone.
Describe the habit of blue clitoria.
Describe the habit of butterfly-pea.
Describe the habit of cordofan-pea.
Describe the habit of bejuco de conchitas.
Describe the habit of campanilla.
Describe the habit of chorreque azul.
Describe the habit of conchita de mar.
Describe the habit of papito.
Describe the habit of zapatillo de la reina.
Describe the habit of clitore de ternate.
Describe the habit of Blaue Schmetterlingswicke.
Describe the habit of fagiolo indiano.
Describe the habit of Sea grape.
Describe the habit of coconut.
Describe the habit of cocotier.
Describe the habit of palma de coco.
Describe the habit of cocotero.
Describe the habit of côco.
Describe the habit of narial.
Describe the habit of thengai.
Describe the habit of kokospalme.
Describe the habit of ye.
Describe the habit of tree of life.
Describe the habit of tree of heaven.
Describe the habit of kalpaviriksha.
Describe the habit of tree of abundance.
Describe the habit of natures supermarket.
Describe the habit of kulau.
Describe the habit of coir fibre.
Describe the habit of (See "Notes" for hybrid names).
Describe the habit of coffee arabica.
Describe the habit of arabian coffee.
Describe the habit of arabica coffee.
Describe the habit of kafei.
Describe the habit of kofe.
Describe the habit of cafe.
Describe the habit of Kaffee.
Describe the habit of yebuna fire.
Describe the habit of buna.
Describe the habit of coffee.
Describe the habit of robusta coffee.
Describe the habit of kafei.
Describe the habit of cafe.
Describe the habit of Kaffee.
Describe the habit of Liberian coffee.
Describe the habit of kofe.
Describe the habit of coffee.
Describe the habit of taro.
Describe the habit of eddo.
Describe the habit of kalo.
Describe the habit of dasheen.
Describe the habit of cocoyam.
Describe the habit of elephant ears.
Describe the habit of potato of the tropics.
Describe the habit of ciamo.
Describe the habit of inhame.
Describe the habit of malanga.
Describe the habit of tayoba.
Describe the habit of alcocaz.
Describe the habit of elefantenohr.
Describe the habit of arum.
Describe the habit of daun keladi.
Describe the habit of madumbe.
Describe the habit of khoai mon.
Describe the habit of mangasiva sasili.
Describe the habit of sika.
Describe the habit of ba.
Describe the habit of boka.
Describe the habit of botika.
Describe the habit of dalo.
Describe the habit of gaui.
Describe the habit of sali.
Describe the habit of votuki.
Describe the habit of te taororo.
Describe the habit of matiotio.
Describe the habit of tara.
Describe the habit of talo.
Describe the habit of maroepa.
Describe the habit of Ecuador laurel.
Describe the habit of garlic tree.
Describe the habit of cyp.
Describe the habit of cypre.
Describe the habit of salmwood.
Describe the habit of freijó louro.
Describe the habit of urua.
Describe the habit of louro amarelo.
Describe the habit of coriander.
Describe the habit of collender.
Describe the habit of Chinese parsley.
Describe the habit of coriandro.
Describe the habit of cilantro.
Describe the habit of cilandrio.
Describe the habit of culantro.
Describe the habit of curatù.
Describe the habit of coriandre.
Describe the habit of dhania.
Describe the habit of koriander.
Describe the habit of cigánypetrezselyem.
Describe the habit of beléndfû.
Describe the habit of zergefû.
Describe the habit of kusthumbari.
Describe the habit of dhanayaka.
Describe the habit of dembilal.
Describe the habit of koriandr.
Describe the habit of kinza.
Describe the habit of geshnes.
Describe the habit of ngo.
Describe the habit of coriandolo.
Describe the habit of kuzbara.
Describe the habit of chamem.
Describe the habit of yan sui.
Describe the habit of xiang cai.
Describe the habit of hu sui.
Describe the habit of kindza.
Describe the habit of kindz.
Describe the habit of koriannon.
Describe the habit of korion.
Describe the habit of dhanya.
Describe the habit of koendoro.
Describe the habit of ketumbar.
Describe the habit of kolendra.
Describe the habit of coentro.
Describe the habit of coriandru.
Describe the habit of koljandra.
Describe the habit of kisnec.
Describe the habit of vonjucee zel'e.
Describe the habit of klopovnik.
Describe the habit of Wanzendill.
Describe the habit of Schwindelkorn.
Describe the habit of korijander.
Describe the habit of persil arabe.
Describe the habit of kisnis.
Describe the habit of dhane.
Describe the habit of kothmiri.
Describe the habit of konphir.
Describe the habit of libdhane.
Describe the habit of kothambri.
Describe the habit of kothmiri bija.
Describe the habit of daaniwal.
Describe the habit of kothambalari.
Describe the habit of kothumpkalari bija.
Describe the habit of kothumpalari.
Describe the habit of dhana.
Describe the habit of kothimber.
Describe the habit of kothamali.
Describe the habit of dhaniyalu.
Describe the habit of debo.
Describe the habit of shucar.
Describe the habit of tsagha.
Describe the habit of zagda.
Describe the habit of tibichota.
Describe the habit of kazbarah.
Describe the habit of dhoney.
Describe the habit of nan nan zee.
Describe the habit of nan nan bin.
Describe the habit of naunau.
Describe the habit of fan yan sui.
Describe the habit of ketoembar.
Describe the habit of Indian parsley.
Describe the habit of koriandro.
Describe the habit of aedkoriander.
Describe the habit of korianteri.
Describe the habit of punaise mâle.
Describe the habit of coireiman.
Describe the habit of lus a choire.
Describe the habit of Wanzenkümmel.
Describe the habit of Chinesische Petersilie.
Describe the habit of Indische Petersilie.
Describe the habit of hara dhania.
Describe the habit of daun ketumbar.
Describe the habit of koyendoro.
Describe the habit of havija.
Describe the habit of kambari.
Describe the habit of phak hom pom.
Describe the habit of kottamalli.
Describe the habit of gishniiz.
Describe the habit of gashneez.
Describe the habit of kolendra.
Describe the habit of rattlepod.
Describe the habit of chives.
Describe the habit of chive garlic.
Describe the habit of ezo-negi.
Describe the habit of cebolleta.
Describe the habit of ciboulette.
Describe the habit of schnittlauch.
Describe the habit of gräslök.
Describe the habit of purløg.
Describe the habit of basal.
Describe the habit of bieslook.
Describe the habit of cipollina.
Describe the habit of cebolinha.
Describe the habit of cebolinho.
Describe the habit of alho de Espanha.
Describe the habit of ceboleta de Franca.
Describe the habit of luk-rezanyets.
Describe the habit of hsia-ye-ts'ung.
Describe the habit of rock melon.
Describe the habit of sweet melon.
Describe the habit of cantaloupe melon.
Describe the habit of atiu.
Describe the habit of Melon.
Describe the habit of cantaloupe.
Describe the habit of tarra.
Describe the habit of cucumber.
Describe the habit of gherkin.
Describe the habit of concombre.
Describe the habit of huanggua.
Describe the habit of kiukaba.
Describe the habit of kukama (Tuvalu).
Describe the habit of khira.
Describe the habit of kiukamupa.
Describe the habit of Kukamba.
Describe the habit of cetriolo.
Describe the habit of pumpkin.
Describe the habit of squash.
Describe the habit of giant squash.
Describe the habit of citrouille.
Describe the habit of hina.
Describe the habit of wavukani.
Describe the habit of te baukin.
Describe the habit of panikeni.
Describe the habit of poosani.
Describe the habit of hubbard squash.
Describe the habit of Kürbis.
Describe the habit of pumpkin.
Describe the habit of squash.
Describe the habit of small horned melon.
Describe the habit of nangua.
Describe the habit of gramma.
Describe the habit of hina.
Describe the habit of pamkin.
Describe the habit of zucca.
Describe the habit of kuerbis.
Describe the habit of marrow.
Describe the habit of pumpkin.
Describe the habit of squash.
Describe the habit of bitter nut squash.
Describe the habit of vegetable marrow.
Describe the habit of summer pumpkin.
Describe the habit of autumn pumpkin.
Describe the habit of zucca.
Describe the habit of Kürbis.
Describe the habit of Cucurbitae semen.
Describe the habit of Oleum cucurbitae.
Describe the habit of guar bean.
Describe the habit of cluster bean.
Describe the habit of cyamopse a quatre ailes.
Describe the habit of guar.
Describe the habit of guaerdou.
Describe the habit of cottaveraykai.
Describe the habit of kothaverai.
Describe the habit of babachi.
Describe the habit of bavachi.
Describe the habit of capparadavari.
Describe the habit of gawarkai.
Describe the habit of goreekaye.
Describe the habit of guvarphalli.
Describe the habit of goor-chikurkai.
Describe the habit of gorechikudi.
Describe the habit of guanra chhuim.
Describe the habit of jhar sim.
Describe the habit of kotha-marakka.
Describe the habit of kothavara.
Describe the habit of kotaranga.
Describe the habit of walee-pe.
Describe the habit of kottavarai.
Describe the habit of mgwaru.
Describe the habit of gavar.
Describe the habit of gawar.
Describe the habit of goor.
Describe the habit of gowaree.
Describe the habit of gouree.
Describe the habit of govar.
Describe the habit of guara.
Describe the habit of gunwar.
Describe the habit of globe artichoke.
Describe the habit of artichoke.
Describe the habit of carciofo.
Describe the habit of alcachofa.
Describe the habit of Artischocke.
Describe the habit of artichaut.
Describe the habit of kenchofe (Galinya).
Describe the habit of purple nut grass.
Describe the habit of round cyperus.
Describe the habit of sweet cyperus.
Describe the habit of nutsedge.
Describe the habit of purple nutsedge.
Describe the habit of souchet rond.
Describe the habit of teki.
Describe the habit of mota.
Describe the habit of karelawai.
Describe the habit of kyang-boo-ja.
Describe the habit of rumput.
Describe the habit of haliya hitan.
Describe the habit of mothe.
Describe the habit of s'ad.
Describe the habit of s'ad kufi.
Describe the habit of nagar-motha.
Describe the habit of dela ghea.
Describe the habit of deela.
Describe the habit of mutha.
Describe the habit of balangot.
Describe the habit of baga-as.
Describe the habit of tikog.
Describe the habit of ya sam liam.
Describe the habit of haeo mu.
Describe the habit of ya haeo mu.
Describe the habit of co gau.
Describe the habit of cu gau.
Describe the habit of co cu.
Describe the habit of huong phu.
Describe the habit of sa thao.
Describe the habit of nha khuon mu.
Describe the habit of tung ghay.
Describe the habit of tree tomato.
Describe the habit of tamarillo.
Describe the habit of yellow tree tomato.
Describe the habit of tomate d'arbre.
Describe the habit of tamarille.
Describe the habit of tomate de palo.
Describe the habit of tomate de árbol.
Describe the habit of palo de tomate.
Describe the habit of tomate granadillo.
Describe the habit of pix.
Describe the habit of caxlan pix.
Describe the habit of tomate dulce.
Describe the habit of tomate francés.
Describe the habit of sachatomate.
Describe the habit of yuncatomate.
Describe the habit of limatomate.
Describe the habit of tomate de monte.
Describe the habit of tomate de La Paz.
Describe the habit of crowfoot grass.
Describe the habit of Egyptian grass.
Describe the habit of button grass.
Describe the habit of calandrini.
Describe the habit of wild carrot.
Describe the habit of devil's plague.
Describe the habit of Queen Anne's-lace.
Describe the habit of cenoura brava.
Describe the habit of karotte.
Describe the habit of mohrruebe.
Describe the habit of gelbe ruebe.
Describe the habit of morot.
Describe the habit of gulrot.
Describe the habit of gulerod.
Describe the habit of porkkana.
Describe the habit of Chinese gooseberry.
Describe the habit of Kiwifruit.
Describe the habit of cultivated yam.
Describe the habit of greater yam.
Describe the habit of white yam.
Describe the habit of water yam.
Describe the habit of winged yam.
Describe the habit of ten-months yam.
Describe the habit of Malacca yam.
Describe the habit of Guyana arrowroot.
Describe the habit of igname.
Describe the habit of inhame da India.
Describe the habit of inhame de Coriola'.
Describe the habit of marquesota.
Describe the habit of cara' de Angola.
Describe the habit of cara' da Guine'.
Describe the habit of dam.
Describe the habit of ngaka.
Describe the habit of pae.
Describe the habit of ni-parai(Cook I).
Describe the habit of pua-hi(Cook I).
Describe the habit of ufi (Cook I).
Describe the habit of uvi.
Describe the habit of vutua.
Describe the habit of ufi.
Describe the habit of aso'aso.
Describe the habit of au poto.
Describe the habit of tafasoa.
Describe the habit of uvi (Simbo).
Describe the habit of marihi (Roviana).
Describe the habit of yam tru (except in Madang Province).
Describe the habit of ñame de agua.
Describe the habit of ñame.
Describe the habit of potato yam.
Describe the habit of bitter yam.
Describe the habit of air potato yam.
Describe the habit of akam yam.
Describe the habit of acom.
Describe the habit of Otaheite yam.
Describe the habit of Otaheite potato.
Describe the habit of inhame.
Describe the habit of cara' de Sao Tome'.
Describe the habit of cara' do ar.
Describe the habit of cara' de espinho.
Describe the habit of cara' de sapateiro.
Describe the habit of figado de peru'.
Describe the habit of ufi sina.
Describe the habit of ufi soi.
Describe the habit of hoi.
Describe the habit of Aerial yam.
Describe the habit of fancy yam.
Describe the habit of potato yam.
Describe the habit of lesser yam.
Describe the habit of lesser asiatic yam.
Describe the habit of igname.
Describe the habit of inhame de comer.
Describe the habit of inhame taioba.
Describe the habit of inhame de enxerto.
Describe the habit of kawai.
Describe the habit of ufilei.
Describe the habit of ami.
Describe the habit of white yam.
Describe the habit of Guinea yam.
Describe the habit of Igname (Fr).
Describe the habit of kaki.
Describe the habit of persimmon.
Describe the habit of Chinese persimmon.
Describe the habit of Japanese persimmon.
Describe the habit of plaqueminier.
Describe the habit of raquemine.
Describe the habit of kaki-meca.
Describe the habit of Kakifrucht.
Describe the habit of kesemek.
Describe the habit of buah kaki.
Describe the habit of buah samak.
Describe the habit of tonloëp.
Describe the habit of phlap chin.
Describe the habit of thi hông.
Describe the habit of hông thi.
Describe the habit of oriental persimmon.
Describe the habit of sharon fruit.
Describe the habit of durian.
Describe the habit of duren.
Describe the habit of ambetan.
Describe the habit of kadu.
Describe the habit of dulian.
Describe the habit of du-yin.
Describe the habit of thu-réén.
Describe the habit of thourièn.
Describe the habit of thurian.
Describe the habit of thu-rian.
Describe the habit of rian.
Describe the habit of sâù riêng.
Describe the habit of barnyard grass.
Describe the habit of cockspur grass.
Describe the habit of goosefoot grass.
Describe the habit of milha(n) pe' de galo.
Describe the habit of sanvo'.
Describe the habit of oil palm.
Describe the habit of palmier à huile.
Describe the habit of palma aceitera.
Describe the habit of palma de aceite.
Describe the habit of dende.
Describe the habit of Ölpalme.
Describe the habit of youzonglu.
Describe the habit of nahkhil al zite.
Describe the habit of oilepalme.
Describe the habit of olie palm.
Describe the habit of kelapa sawit.
Describe the habit of goose foot.
Describe the habit of crab grass.
Describe the habit of crow's foot.
Describe the habit of te uteute.
Describe the habit of chapra.
Describe the habit of red tasselflower.
Describe the habit of purple sow thistle.
Describe the habit of loquat.
Describe the habit of Japanese medlar.
Describe the habit of Japanese plum.
Describe the habit of neflier du Japon.
Describe the habit of nispereros.
Describe the habit of nespolo.
Describe the habit of Mispel.
Describe the habit of lokwat.
Describe the habit of papalaan.
Describe the habit of ton leap.
Describe the habit of lokh-wot.
Describe the habit of pee-pae.
Describe the habit of ti ba diep.
Describe the habit of so'n tra nhatban'.
Describe the habit of nhot tay.
Describe the habit of biwa.
Describe the habit of coral bean.
Describe the habit of thabyay-hypyoo.
Describe the habit of black plum.
Describe the habit of black plum tree.
Describe the habit of Indian blackberry.
Describe the habit of jambolan.
Describe the habit of jambolan-plum.
Describe the habit of Java plum.
Describe the habit of malabar plum.
Describe the habit of Portuguese plum.
Describe the habit of jamelão.
Describe the habit of duhat.
Describe the habit of lomboi.
Describe the habit of jamélongue.
Describe the habit of jam.
Describe the habit of jaman.
Describe the habit of jamun.
Describe the habit of duwet.
Describe the habit of jamblang.
Describe the habit of pring bai.
Describe the habit of va.
Describe the habit of jambulana.
Describe the habit of jiwat.
Describe the habit of obah.
Describe the habit of jambu.
Describe the habit of jambul.
Describe the habit of madan.
Describe the habit of naval.
Describe the habit of mzambarau.
Describe the habit of hakhiphae.
Describe the habit of wa.
Describe the habit of trâm môc.
Describe the habit of vôi rung.
Describe the habit of Malay apple.
Describe the habit of Laulau.
Describe the habit of Kavika.
Describe the habit of Jambu.
Describe the habit of rose apple.
Describe the habit of Jambeiro-de-Malaca.
Describe the habit of feijoa.
Describe the habit of pineapple guava.
Describe the habit of Brazilian guava.
Describe the habit of mountain guava.
Describe the habit of fig guava.
Describe the habit of guavasteen.
Describe the habit of New Zealand banana.
Describe the habit of guayabo del pais.
Describe the habit of guayabo grande.
Describe the habit of guayabo chico.
Describe the habit of goiaba serrana.
Describe the habit of goiaba verde.
Describe the habit of goiaba abacaxí.
Describe the habit of common fig.
Describe the habit of fig.
Describe the habit of Turkey fig.
Describe the habit of te biku.
Describe the habit of fico.
Describe the habit of Feige.
Describe the habit of figue.
Describe the habit of figo.
Describe the habit of figueira mansa.
Describe the habit of higo.
Describe the habit of etse-beles.
Describe the habit of arbre.
Describe the habit of ficus.
Describe the habit of potato onion.
Describe the habit of multiplier onion.
Describe the habit of Egyptian onion.
Describe the habit of topset onion.
Describe the habit of tree onion.
Describe the habit of Anian.
Describe the habit of fennel.
Describe the habit of sweet fennel.
Describe the habit of fennel seed.
Describe the habit of fenouil sucre.
Describe the habit of fenouil.
Describe the habit of Fenchel.
Describe the habit of vinkel.
Describe the habit of saunf.
Describe the habit of badian.
Describe the habit of raz.
Describe the habit of hinojo.
Describe the habit of faenkål.
Describe the habit of shamar.
Describe the habit of venkel.
Describe the habit of finocchio.
Describe the habit of Aetheroleum foeniculi.
Describe the habit of Aqua foeniculi.
Describe the habit of Foeniculi fructus.
Describe the habit of funcho.
Describe the habit of fyenkhel'.
Describe the habit of uikyo.
Describe the habit of hui-hsiang.
Describe the habit of ensilal.
Describe the habit of kamuni (Galinya).
Describe the habit of insilali (Galinya).
Describe the habit of round kumquat.
Describe the habit of Marumi kumquat.
Describe the habit of cumquate redonda.
Describe the habit of strawberry.
Describe the habit of dessert strawberry.
Describe the habit of garden strawberry.
Describe the habit of fraise.
Describe the habit of fraisier ananas.
Describe the habit of erdbeere.
Describe the habit of morango.
Describe the habit of morangueiro de cultura.
Describe the habit of fresa.
Describe the habit of arben.
Describe the habit of stroboeri.
Describe the habit of dâu tây.
Describe the habit of jordbær.
Describe the habit of jordgubbe.
Describe the habit of tarhamansikka.
Describe the habit of mangosteen.
Describe the habit of dodol.
Describe the habit of king's-fruit.
Describe the habit of mangoustanier.
Describe the habit of mangostan.
Describe the habit of mangostao.
Describe the habit of mangusto.
Describe the habit of mangostane.
Describe the habit of mangoestan.
Describe the habit of manggis.
Describe the habit of settorr.
Describe the habit of mesetor.
Describe the habit of semetah.
Describe the habit of sementah.
Describe the habit of manggustan.
Describe the habit of mongkhut.
Describe the habit of kadiis.
Describe the habit of kanabla.
Describe the habit of mangkhud.
Describe the habit of mang khut.
Describe the habit of mahng-koot.
Describe the habit of mangustai.
Describe the habit of cay mang cut.
Describe the habit of mang cut.
Describe the habit of soya bean.
Describe the habit of soyabean.
Describe the habit of soybean.
Describe the habit of soya.
Describe the habit of sojaboon.
Describe the habit of sojaplant.
Describe the habit of sojaboontjie.
Describe the habit of fejao soja.
Describe the habit of soja.
Describe the habit of dadou.
Describe the habit of soia piini.
Describe the habit of bean - soya.
Describe the habit of Sojabohne.
Describe the habit of yemane.
Describe the habit of Jerusalem artichoke.
Describe the habit of earth apple.
Describe the habit of sunchoke.
Describe the habit of topinambour.
Describe the habit of girasole.
Describe the habit of tupinambo.
Describe the habit of giganteia.
Describe the habit of girassol batateiro.
Describe the habit of rubber.
Describe the habit of caucho.
Describe the habit of seringueira.
Describe the habit of gummi træ.
Describe the habit of cây cao su.
Describe the habit of mpira.
Describe the habit of kenaf.
Describe the habit of ambary.
Describe the habit of ambary hemp.
Describe the habit of brown Indian hemp.
Describe the habit of mesta hemp.
Describe the habit of bastard jute.
Describe the habit of bimli jute.
Describe the habit of bimlipatum jute.
Describe the habit of bimlipatam tree.
Describe the habit of hemp-mallow.
Describe the habit of mesta.
Describe the habit of palungi.
Describe the habit of deccan hemp.
Describe the habit of ambari.
Describe the habit of til.
Describe the habit of teel.
Describe the habit of teal.
Describe the habit of Java jute.
Describe the habit of umbaru.
Describe the habit of linho de gombo.
Describe the habit of canhamo brasileiro.
Describe the habit of papoula de Sao Francisco.
Describe the habit of stokroos.
Describe the habit of dah (West Africa).
Describe the habit of gambo (West Africa).
Describe the habit of rama (West Africa).
Describe the habit of Guinea hemp (Africa).
Describe the habit of roselle.
Describe the habit of rozelle.
Describe the habit of sorrel.
Describe the habit of red sorrel.
Describe the habit of Jamaica sorrel.
Describe the habit of Indian sorrel.
Describe the habit of Guinea sorrel.
Describe the habit of sour-sour.
Describe the habit of Queensland jelly plant.
Describe the habit of jelly okra.
Describe the habit of lemon bush.
Describe the habit of Florida cranberry.
Describe the habit of oseille rouge.
Describe the habit of oseille de Guinée.
Describe the habit of quimbombó chino.
Describe the habit of sereni.
Describe the habit of rosa de Jamaica.
Describe the habit of flor de Jamaica.
Describe the habit of agrio de Guinea.
Describe the habit of quetmia ácida.
Describe the habit of viña.
Describe the habit of viñuela.
Describe the habit of vinagreira.
Describe the habit of azeda de Guiné.
Describe the habit of cururú azédo.
Describe the habit of quiabeiro azédo.
Describe the habit of zuring.
Describe the habit of karkadé.
Describe the habit of carcadé.
Describe the habit of rose-of-Sharon.
Describe the habit of shrub mallow.
Describe the habit of shrubby althaea.
Describe the habit of rosa de Charao.
Describe the habit of alteia.
Describe the habit of barley.
Describe the habit of cebada.
Describe the habit of orge.
Describe the habit of damai.
Describe the habit of cevada.
Describe the habit of gebs.
Describe the habit of Gerste.
Describe the habit of cogon grass.
Describe the habit of blade grass.
Describe the habit of blady grass.
Describe the habit of satintail.
Describe the habit of lalang.
Describe the habit of alang-alang.
Describe the habit of illuk grass.
Describe the habit of cottonwool grass.
Describe the habit of silky grass.
Describe the habit of silver spike.
Describe the habit of Japanese blood grass.
Describe the habit of paille de dys.
Describe the habit of paillotte.
Describe the habit of impérata cylindrique.
Describe the habit of kunai.
Describe the habit of gi.
Describe the habit of ngi.
Describe the habit of capim seno.
Describe the habit of imperata.
Describe the habit of sbow.
Describe the habit of ya kha.
Describe the habit of kyet-mei.
Describe the habit of kurukuru.
Describe the habit of kogon.
Describe the habit of gogon.
Describe the habit of umthente.
Describe the habit of co tranh.
Describe the habit of co tranh sang.
Describe the habit of bach mao.
Describe the habit of nha ca.
Describe the habit of gan.
Describe the habit of food inga.
Describe the habit of ice cream bean.
Describe the habit of pois sucre.
Describe the habit of guarna.
Describe the habit of guamo.
Describe the habit of guama.
Describe the habit of guaba.
Describe the habit of huaba.
Describe the habit of inga.
Describe the habit of guamo bejuco.
Describe the habit of chalaite.
Describe the habit of rabo de mico.
Describe the habit of pacay.
Describe the habit of ingá cipó.
Describe the habit of inga de metro.
Describe the habit of water spinach.
Describe the habit of swamp morning-glory.
Describe the habit of Chinese yung-tsai.
Describe the habit of kangkong.
Describe the habit of sweet potato.
Describe the habit of batatas.
Describe the habit of boniato.
Describe the habit of white-fleshed sweet potato.
Describe the habit of patate douce.
Describe the habit of batata.
Describe the habit of camote.
Describe the habit of papa dulce.
Describe the habit of moniato.
Describe the habit of batata doce.
Describe the habit of batata da terra.
Describe the habit of cara.
Describe the habit of jetica.
Describe the habit of munhata.
Describe the habit of ba ta tah helua.
Describe the habit of gan shu.
Describe the habit of gan ye.
Describe the habit of fan shu.
Describe the habit of batat.
Describe the habit of muntail.
Describe the habit of hua mun.
Describe the habit of man thet.
Describe the habit of lá khoai lang.
Describe the habit of lá khoai mony.
Describe the habit of sød kartoffel.
Describe the habit of bataat.
Describe the habit of patats.
Describe the habit of soetpatats.
Describe the habit of zoete aardappel.
Describe the habit of kamote.
Describe the habit of Süßkartoffel.
Describe the habit of Batate.
Describe the habit of Sakarkand.
Describe the habit of mitha alu.
Describe the habit of ubi jalor.
Describe the habit of hwi.
Describe the habit of keledek.
Describe the habit of ketela rambat.
Describe the habit of tela.
Describe the habit of bodin.
Describe the habit of ubi merah.
Describe the habit of patata Americana.
Describe the habit of patata dolce.
Describe the habit of satsuma-imo.
Describe the habit of kanjo.
Describe the habit of koguma.
Describe the habit of ubi keledek.
Describe the habit of ubi kastela.
Describe the habit of ubi keladi.
Describe the habit of kumala konukonule.
Describe the habit of komora.
Describe the habit of kumara.
Describe the habit of timala.
Describe the habit of kumala.
Describe the habit of umala.
Describe the habit of pana kai (Simbo).
Describe the habit of luzu vaka (Roviana).
Describe the habit of pateta magalo (Tuvalu).
Describe the habit of kaukau.
Describe the habit of kumara muramura (Cook I).
Describe the habit of te kuma.
Describe the habit of Muraina grass.
Describe the habit of sausage tree.
Describe the habit of etua tree.
Describe the habit of quigelia.
Describe the habit of worsboom.
Describe the habit of abu shutor.
Describe the habit of abu sidra.
Describe the habit of um mashatur.
Describe the habit of um shutur.
Describe the habit of gaigani.
Describe the habit of eiervrug.
Describe the habit of kathiri (tamil).
Describe the habit of vazhudhanaikkai (malayalam).
Describe the habit of black nightshade.
Describe the habit of blackberried nightshade.
Describe the habit of common nightshade.
Describe the habit of poison berry.
Describe the habit of morelle noir.
Describe the habit of hierba mora.
Describe the habit of guaraquinha.
Describe the habit of mussa.
Describe the habit of ifungufungu.
Describe the habit of mufunofuno.
Describe the habit of chizutu.
Describe the habit of mvula.
Describe the habit of mvungavunga.
Describe the habit of mvungunya.
Describe the habit of mvungwa.
Describe the habit of mwegea.
Describe the habit of mwicha.
Describe the habit of mederba.
Describe the habit of muVeve.
Describe the habit of pandoro.
Describe the habit of hyacinth bean.
Describe the habit of lablab bean.
Describe the habit of field bean.
Describe the habit of pig-ears.
Describe the habit of rongai dolichos.
Describe the habit of lab-lab bean.
Describe the habit of poor man's bean.
Describe the habit of Tonga bean.
Describe the habit of dolique lab-lab.
Describe the habit of dolique d'Egypte.
Describe the habit of frijol jacinto.
Describe the habit of quiquaqua.
Describe the habit of caroata chwata.
Describe the habit of poroto de Egipto.
Describe the habit of chicarros.
Describe the habit of frijol caballo.
Describe the habit of gallinita.
Describe the habit of frijol de adorno.
Describe the habit of Faselbohne.
Describe the habit of Helmbohne.
Describe the habit of Schlangenbohne.
Describe the habit of batao.
Describe the habit of wal.
Describe the habit of sem.
Describe the habit of lubia (the Sudan).
Describe the habit of lettuce.
Describe the habit of garden lettuce.
Describe the habit of letisi.
Describe the habit of head lettuce.
Describe the habit of cabbage lettuce.
Describe the habit of butter-head lettuce.
Describe the habit of crisp-head lettuce.
Describe the habit of lattuga.
Describe the habit of lattich.
Describe the habit of calabas.
Describe the habit of tecomate.
Describe the habit of zucca.
Describe the habit of kalbas.
Describe the habit of qara'.
Describe the habit of kalabasa.
Describe the habit of bian pu.
Describe the habit of pul qua.
Describe the habit of flaskegræskar.
Describe the habit of kalabas.
Describe the habit of fleskalebas.
Describe the habit of flessepompoen.
Describe the habit of bird-house gourd.
Describe the habit of bottle gourd.
Describe the habit of calabash.
Describe the habit of calabash gourd.
Describe the habit of calabash marrow.
Describe the habit of guinea bean.
Describe the habit of hardshell gourd.
Describe the habit of hard-shell gourd.
Describe the habit of italian edible gourd.
Describe the habit of long squash.
Describe the habit of new guinea bean.
Describe the habit of suzza melon.
Describe the habit of tasmania bean.
Describe the habit of trumpet gourd.
Describe the habit of vegetable gourd.
Describe the habit of white flowered gourd.
Describe the habit of calebasse.
Describe the habit of calebassier.
Describe the habit of courge bouteille.
Describe the habit of gourde.
Describe the habit of Flaschenkürbis.
Describe the habit of Kalebassenkürbis.
Describe the habit of Trompetenkürbis.
Describe the habit of duma.
Describe the habit of qara.
Describe the habit of dudhi.
Describe the habit of dudi.
Describe the habit of ghia.
Describe the habit of ghiya.
Describe the habit of kaddis.
Describe the habit of kaddu.
Describe the habit of lauki.
Describe the habit of lokhi.
Describe the habit of louki.
Describe the habit of tumri.
Describe the habit of cocozza.
Describe the habit of cucuzzi.
Describe the habit of zucca bottiglia.
Describe the habit of zucca da nuoto.
Describe the habit of zucca da vino.
Describe the habit of hyoutan.
Describe the habit of maru-yougao.
Describe the habit of yougao.
Describe the habit of labu botol.
Describe the habit of labu putin.
Describe the habit of moraka.
Describe the habit of abóbora carneira.
Describe the habit of cabaçca.
Describe the habit of colombro.
Describe the habit of kula.
Describe the habit of bule.
Describe the habit of calabaza de peregrinos.
Describe the habit of calabaza de San Roque.
Describe the habit of calabaza viñadera.
Describe the habit of calabaza viñatera.
Describe the habit of cojombro.
Describe the habit of upo.
Describe the habit of segwana.
Describe the habit of iselwa.
Describe the habit of fagufagu.
Describe the habit of fu'afu'a.
Describe the habit of leucaena.
Describe the habit of leucaene.
Describe the habit of guage.
Describe the habit of wild tamarind.
Describe the habit of lead tree.
Describe the habit of faux-acacia.
Describe the habit of faux mimosa.
Describe the habit of lamtoro.
Describe the habit of namas.
Describe the habit of vaivai.
Describe the habit of vaivai ni vavalagi.
Describe the habit of reusewattel.
Describe the habit of stuipboom.
Describe the habit of haole koa.
Describe the habit of koa haole.
Describe the habit of tangantangan.
Describe the habit of tangan tangan.
Describe the habit of talantayan (Guam.
Describe the habit of Marshall Islands).
Describe the habit of talntangan.
Describe the habit of ganitnityuwan tangantan (Yap).
Describe the habit of tuhngantuhngan.
Describe the habit of rohbohtin (Kosrae).
Describe the habit of telentund (Palau).
Describe the habit of lopa samoa (American Samoa).
Describe the habit of fua pepe (American Samoa and Samoa).
Describe the habit of lusina (Samoa).
Describe the habit of pepe (Niue and Samoa).
Describe the habit of nito (Cook Islands).
Describe the habit of siale mohemohe (Tonga).
Describe the habit of vaivai(Fiji).
Describe the habit of vaivai ni vavalangi.
Describe the habit of vaivai dina.
Describe the habit of balori.
Describe the habit of cassis (Vanuatu).
Describe the habit of te kaitetua (Kiribati).
Describe the habit of litchi.
Describe the habit of lychee.
Describe the habit of lin-chee.
Describe the habit of angled loofah.
Describe the habit of luffa.
Describe the habit of tomato.
Describe the habit of tomate.
Describe the habit of pomodoro.
Describe the habit of tomata.
Describe the habit of tomatar.
Describe the habit of temata.
Describe the habit of temeta.
Describe the habit of tamatie.
Describe the habit of macadamia nut.
Describe the habit of noz de macadamia.
Describe the habit of horse gram.
Describe the habit of horse grain.
Describe the habit of kulthi bean.
Describe the habit of Madras gram.
Describe the habit of Madras bean.
Describe the habit of grain de cheval.
Describe the habit of dolico cavallino.
Describe the habit of hurali.
Describe the habit of kalai.
Describe the habit of kallu.
Describe the habit of kollu.
Describe the habit of kulat.
Describe the habit of kulatha.
Describe the habit of kurtikalai.
Describe the habit of muthera.
Describe the habit of muthira.
Describe the habit of muthiva.
Describe the habit of ulavalu.
Describe the habit of pé-bi-zât.
Describe the habit of kerdekorn.
Describe the habit of acerola.
Describe the habit of Barbados cherry.
Describe the habit of Escobillo.
Describe the habit of acerola cherry.
Describe the habit of West Indian cherry.
Describe the habit of cereza.
Describe the habit of cerisie.
Describe the habit of semeruco.
Describe the habit of apple.
Describe the habit of mela.
Describe the habit of appel.
Describe the habit of wild crab.
Describe the habit of crab apple.
Describe the habit of crabapple.
Describe the habit of wild apple.
Describe the habit of maca-brava.
Describe the habit of maguilho.
Describe the habit of mamey.
Describe the habit of mammee.
Describe the habit of mammee apple.
Describe the habit of mammea apple.
Describe the habit of mammy.
Describe the habit of mammy apple.
Describe the habit of St. Domingo apricot.
Describe the habit of South American apricot.
Describe the habit of abricot d' Amerique.
Describe the habit of abricot des Antilles.
Describe the habit of abricot pays.
Describe the habit of abricot de Saint-Dominque.
Describe the habit of abricotier sauvage.
Describe the habit of mamey de Santo Domingo.
Describe the habit of mamey amarillo.
Describe the habit of mamey de Cartagena.
Describe the habit of mata serrano.
Describe the habit of zapote mamey.
Describe the habit of zapote de Santo Domingo.
Describe the habit of abrico.
Describe the habit of abricoteiro.
Describe the habit of abricote.
Describe the habit of abrico do Pará.
Describe the habit of abrico selvagem.
Describe the habit of pecego de Sao Domingos.
Describe the habit of manggis negri.
Describe the habit of aprikot.
Describe the habit of mango.
Describe the habit of mango tree.
Describe the habit of manguier.
Describe the habit of mangue.
Describe the habit of Mangobaum.
Describe the habit of am.
Describe the habit of mago.
Describe the habit of veselperske.
Describe the habit of manga.
Describe the habit of mangueira.
Describe the habit of ambo.
Describe the habit of mangga.
Describe the habit of mempelam.
Describe the habit of ampelam.
Describe the habit of mwàngx.
Describe the habit of mamuang.
Describe the habit of ma-muang.
Describe the habit of xoài.
Describe the habit of tharyetthi.
Describe the habit of svaay.
Describe the habit of asai.
Describe the habit of lebu (Simbo).
Describe the habit of rereke (Roviana).
Describe the habit of mengo.
Describe the habit of cassava.
Describe the habit of tapioca plant.
Describe the habit of manihot.
Describe the habit of manioc.
Describe the habit of maniok.
Describe the habit of cassave.
Describe the habit of mandioca.
Describe the habit of macaxeira (sweet varieties).
Describe the habit of yuca.
Describe the habit of aipim (Brazil).
Describe the habit of mushu.
Describe the habit of tapioka.
Describe the habit of pondu.
Describe the habit of saka-saka.
Describe the habit of yautia.
Describe the habit of alfalfa.
Describe the habit of lucerne.
Describe the habit of common purple lucerne.
Describe the habit of common lucerne.
Describe the habit of purple alfalfa.
Describe the habit of purple medick.
Describe the habit of Spanish trefoil.
Describe the habit of blålusern.
Describe the habit of foder-lucerne.
Describe the habit of sinimailanen.
Describe the habit of Luzerne.
Describe the habit of luzerna.
Describe the habit of alfafa.
Describe the habit of luzerna de flor roxa.
Describe the habit of melga dos prados.
Describe the habit of medicagem dos pastos.
Describe the habit of lusern.
Describe the habit of Medicaginis herba.
Describe the habit of mamoncillo.
Describe the habit of bullace tree.
Describe the habit of Spanish lime.
Describe the habit of honeyberry.
Describe the habit of genip.
Describe the habit of sago palm.
Describe the habit of true sago palm.
Describe the habit of sago.
Describe the habit of sagoutier.
Describe the habit of sagopalme.
Describe the habit of pohon.
Describe the habit of ambulung.
Describe the habit of kirai (Sudan).
Describe the habit of saksak.
Describe the habit of pickerel weed.
Describe the habit of awl tree.
Describe the habit of east Indian mulberry.
Describe the habit of Indian mulberry.
Describe the habit of great morinda.
Describe the habit of yellow tree.
Describe the habit of kura.
Describe the habit of nhàu.
Describe the habit of nhàu rùng.
Describe the habit of cây.
Describe the habit of cây ngao.
Describe the habit of yae yai.
Describe the habit of yo.
Describe the habit of nonu.
Describe the habit of pace.
Describe the habit of nono (Cook islands).
Describe the habit of noni (Marquesas islands).
Describe the habit of dilo (Solomon islands).
Describe the habit of te non (Kiribati).
Describe the habit of mulberry.
Describe the habit of white mulberry.
Describe the habit of Chinese white mulberry.
Describe the habit of fruitless mulberry.
Describe the habit of downing mulberry.
Describe the habit of silkworm mulberry.
Describe the habit of weeping mulberry.
Describe the habit of murier.
Describe the habit of moreira.
Describe the habit of amoreira branca.
Describe the habit of shatut.
Describe the habit of wit moerbei.
Describe the habit of calabur tree.
Describe the habit of capulin.
Describe the habit of ornamental cherry.
Describe the habit of Japanense cherry.
Describe the habit of Panama berry.
Describe the habit of Jamaican cherry.
Describe the habit of Singapore cherry.
Describe the habit of strawberry tree.
Describe the habit of jam tree.
Describe the habit of cerri.
Describe the habit of kersen.
Describe the habit of talok.
Describe the habit of calabura.
Describe the habit of paude seda.
Describe the habit of kerukup siam.
Describe the habit of datiles.
Describe the habit of krâkhôb barang.
Describe the habit of khoom sômz.
Describe the habit of takhôb.
Describe the habit of takhop farang.
Describe the habit of trùng cà.
Describe the habit of mât sâm.
Describe the habit of calabur.
Describe the habit of sirsen.
Describe the habit of common banana.
Describe the habit of banana.
Describe the habit of plantain.
Describe the habit of broadleaf plantain.
Describe the habit of dessert banana.
Describe the habit of dwarf cavendish.
Describe the habit of banane.
Describe the habit of liwii.
Describe the habit of nas.
Describe the habit of navits.
Describe the habit of vii.
Describe the habit of meika (Cook I).
Describe the habit of vudi ni vavalagi.
Describe the habit of vudi.
Describe the habit of dini.
Describe the habit of vuda ni vavalagi.
Describe the habit of si.
Describe the habit of te banana (Kiribati).
Describe the habit of futi (Niue).
Describe the habit of fusi (Niue).
Describe the habit of hopa (Tonga).
Describe the habit of fai (Samoa).
Describe the habit of fai'i (Samoa).
Describe the habit of vudi (Simbo).
Describe the habit of hakua (Roviana).
Describe the habit of piesang (Afrikaans).
Describe the habit of futi (Tuvalu).
Describe the habit of watercress.
Describe the habit of cresson d'eau.
Describe the habit of cresson de fontaine.
Describe the habit of wara kebis.
Describe the habit of brunnenkresse.
Describe the habit of agriao de agua.
Describe the habit of berro.
Describe the habit of rambutan.
Describe the habit of rambootan.
Describe the habit of ramboutan.
Describe the habit of rambuteira.
Describe the habit of rambut (= 'hair'in Malay).
Describe the habit of usan (Philippines).
Describe the habit of usau (Philippines).
Describe the habit of usare (Philippines).
Describe the habit of phruan (Thailand).
Describe the habit of ngaw.
Describe the habit of ser mon (Cambodia).
Describe the habit of chle (Cambodia).
Describe the habit of chle sao mao (Cambodia).
Describe the habit of shao tzu.
Describe the habit of rambotang.
Describe the habit of rambustan.
Describe the habit of rambutao.
Describe the habit of litchi chevelu.
Describe the habit of ramboetan.
Describe the habit of nypa palm.
Describe the habit of nipa palm.
Describe the habit of mangrove palm.
Describe the habit of palmeira nipa.
Describe the habit of spelt nipa.
Describe the habit of mangrove.
Describe the habit of Nipapalme.
Describe the habit of Attapalme.
Describe the habit of Mangrovenpalme.
Describe the habit of basil.
Describe the habit of sweet basil.
Describe the habit of common basil.
Describe the habit of basilic.
Describe the habit of Basilikum.
Describe the habit of Basilienkraut.
Describe the habit of basilico.
Describe the habit of albahaca.
Describe the habit of basilkort.
Describe the habit of raihan.
Describe the habit of basilicum.
Describe the habit of manjericao.
Describe the habit of bazilik.
Describe the habit of maboki.
Describe the habit of lo-le.
Describe the habit of Basilici herba.
Describe the habit of Aetheroleum basilici.
Describe the habit of olive.
Describe the habit of ulivo.
Describe the habit of rice.
Describe the habit of riso.
Describe the habit of riz.
Describe the habit of arroz.
Describe the habit of raisi.
Describe the habit of chawal.
Describe the habit of dhan.
Describe the habit of shali.
Describe the habit of rais.
Describe the habit of kumi.
Describe the habit of kome.
Describe the habit of ku.
Describe the habit of dao.
Describe the habit of tao.
Describe the habit of kao.
Describe the habit of cau.
Describe the habit of byeo.
Describe the habit of padi.
Describe the habit of paddy.
Describe the habit of vrihi.
Describe the habit of arishi.
Describe the habit of oruza.
Describe the habit of lúa.
Describe the habit of lúa gao.
Describe the habit of arishi Arruz.
Describe the habit of reis.
Describe the habit of Wayaka yam bean.
Describe the habit of Mexican yam bean.
Describe the habit of yam bean.
Describe the habit of Mexican turnip.
Describe the habit of chop-suey bean.
Describe the habit of manioc bean.
Describe the habit of three-lobed-leaved yam bean.
Describe the habit of four-lobed-root yam bean.
Describe the habit of singkamas.
Describe the habit of dolique bulbeuse.
Describe the habit of pois patate.
Describe the habit of pois manioc.
Describe the habit of pais patate.
Describe the habit of feijao batata.
Describe the habit of jacatupe'.
Describe the habit of jacutupe'.
Describe the habit of paquirrizo.
Describe the habit of jicama.
Describe the habit of ahipa.
Describe the habit of judía batata.
Describe the habit of jiquima.
Describe the habit of knollige bohne.
Describe the habit of yambohne.
Describe the habit of yamsbohne.
Describe the habit of fagiolo patata.
Describe the habit of dolico bulboso.
Describe the habit of sankalu.
Describe the habit of mishrikand.
Describe the habit of sinkamas.
Describe the habit of sakalu.
Describe the habit of pre myit.
Describe the habit of fan-ko.
Describe the habit of sha ge.
Describe the habit of sha got.
Describe the habit of sha kot.
Describe the habit of dou shu.
Describe the habit of liang shu.
Describe the habit of tu gua.
Describe the habit of bai tu gua.
Describe the habit of fan ge.
Describe the habit of yamsbønne.
Describe the habit of bengkoewang.
Describe the habit of hoewi iris.
Describe the habit of hoewi hiris.
Describe the habit of mame imo.
Describe the habit of pe'kuëk.
Describe the habit of man ph'au.
Describe the habit of bengkuang.
Describe the habit of kacang sengkuang.
Describe the habit of mengkuwang.
Describe the habit of sengkuang.
Describe the habit of sengkuwang.
Describe the habit of besusu.
Describe the habit of jacatupé.
Describe the habit of jacutupé.
Describe the habit of jocotupé.
Describe the habit of bangkowang.
Describe the habit of bangkooang.
Describe the habit of iguama.
Describe the habit of tani uttan kai.
Describe the habit of man kaeo.
Describe the habit of huapaekua.
Describe the habit of man lao.
Describe the habit of köklü böyrüce.
Describe the habit of curdau.
Describe the habit of san.
Describe the habit of cu san.
Describe the habit of Barbados flowerfence.
Describe the habit of horsebean.
Describe the habit of Jerusalem-thorn.
Describe the habit of Mexican paloverde.
Describe the habit of sessaban.
Describe the habit of yellow granadilla.
Describe the habit of belle apple.
Describe the habit of Jamaican honeysuckle.
Describe the habit of vinegar pear.
Describe the habit of yellow water lemon.
Describe the habit of marie-tambour.
Describe the habit of maritambou.
Describe the habit of pomme d'or.
Describe the habit of pomme-liane.
Describe the habit of pomme de liane.
Describe the habit of saibey.
Describe the habit of parcha.
Describe the habit of parcha de culebra.
Describe the habit of maracujá.
Describe the habit of maracujá laranja.
Describe the habit of wasserlimone.
Describe the habit of wassermelone.
Describe the habit of banana passion.
Describe the habit of banana passionfruit.
Describe the habit of banana poka.
Describe the habit of poka.
Describe the habit of curuba.
Describe the habit of curuba de Castilla.
Describe the habit of curuba sabanera blanco.
Describe the habit of tacso.
Describe the habit of tagso.
Describe the habit of tauso.
Describe the habit of parcha.
Describe the habit of tumbo.
Describe the habit of tumbo del norte.
Describe the habit of trompos.
Describe the habit of tintin.
Describe the habit of giant granadilla.
Describe the habit of granadilla.
Describe the habit of square-stemmed passion flower.
Describe the habit of fleur de le passion.
Describe the habit of barbadine.
Describe the habit of parcha.
Describe the habit of granadilla real.
Describe the habit of grandadilla grande.
Describe the habit of parcha granadina.
Describe the habit of parcha de Guinea.
Describe the habit of ganadilla de fresco.
Describe the habit of granadilla para refrescos.
Describe the habit of badea.
Describe the habit of corvejo.
Describe the habit of sandía de Pasión.
Describe the habit of maracuya-acu.
Describe the habit of maracuja-assu.
Describe the habit of maracuja silvestre.
Describe the habit of maracuya grande.
Describe the habit of maracuja melao.
Describe the habit of maracuja mamao.
Describe the habit of maracuja de Caiena.
Describe the habit of parola.
Describe the habit of kasaflora.
Describe the habit of erbis.
Describe the habit of makisa.
Describe the habit of markiza.
Describe the habit of markoesa.
Describe the habit of markeesa.
Describe the habit of manesa.
Describe the habit of timun belanda.
Describe the habit of timun hutan.
Describe the habit of marquesa.
Describe the habit of mentimun.
Describe the habit of su-khontha-rot.
Describe the habit of dua gan tay.
Describe the habit of chum bao dua.
Describe the habit of Parapotina maata (Cooks).
Describe the habit of Palatini.
Describe the habit of Vine fua lalahi.
Describe the habit of Tinitini (Niue).
Describe the habit of Pasione (Tonga).
Describe the habit of Pasio (Samoa).
Describe the habit of parsnip.
Describe the habit of panais.
Describe the habit of pastinak.
Describe the habit of avocado.
Describe the habit of avocatier.
Describe the habit of aguacate.
Describe the habit of adpukat.
Describe the habit of avokad.
Describe the habit of apukado.
Describe the habit of avokaa.
Describe the habit of awokado.
Describe the habit of bo'.
Describe the habit of ie dau.
Describe the habit of apoka (Cook I).
Describe the habit of pea.
Describe the habit of avoka.
Describe the habit of aviota.
Describe the habit of bata.
Describe the habit of chamborote.
Describe the habit of chilipuca.
Describe the habit of cubaces.
Describe the habit of cub.
Describe the habit of frijol chamborote.
Describe the habit of haricot d'Espagne.
Describe the habit of runner bean.
Describe the habit of bean - runner.
Describe the habit of scarlet runner bean.
Describe the habit of broad bean.
Describe the habit of butter bean.
Describe the habit of lima bean.
Describe the habit of caraota de a€o.
Describe the habit of frijol de media luna.
Describe the habit of frijol de monte.
Describe the habit of frijol de ratón.
Describe the habit of frijolillo.
Describe the habit of gros pois.
Describe the habit of candou.
Describe the habit of guaracara.
Describe the habit of haba.
Describe the habit of haricot de sieva.
Describe the habit of pira de a€o.
Describe the habit of bean - broad.
Describe the habit of common bean.
Describe the habit of french bean.
Describe the habit of frijol.
Describe the habit of garden bean.
Describe the habit of green bean.
Describe the habit of wandou.
Describe the habit of Buschbohne.
Describe the habit of adenguare.
Describe the habit of Stangenbohne.
Describe the habit of Reiserbohne.
Describe the habit of habichuela.
Describe the habit of haricot.
Describe the habit of haricot bean.
Describe the habit of haricot commun.
Describe the habit of haricot francais.
Describe the habit of kidney bean.
Describe the habit of mange-tout.
Describe the habit of pois.
Describe the habit of snap bean.
Describe the habit of pini.
Describe the habit of piini.
Describe the habit of field bean.
Describe the habit of wax bean.
Describe the habit of bean - common.
Describe the habit of Phaseoli legumina.
Describe the habit of date palm.
Describe the habit of palmier dattier.
Describe the habit of datte.
Describe the habit of kajoor.
Describe the habit of Dattel.
Describe the habit of Dattelpalme.
Describe the habit of dattero.
Describe the habit of palma datilera.
Describe the habit of palm - date.
Describe the habit of tamar.
Describe the habit of al nakheel.
Describe the habit of pokok korma.
Describe the habit of korma.
Describe the habit of Andean uvilla.
Describe the habit of allspice.
Describe the habit of pimento.
Describe the habit of pimienta gorda.
Describe the habit of piment.
Describe the habit of kryddpeppar.
Describe the habit of pepe di Giamaica.
Describe the habit of pimenta-da-Jamaica.
Describe the habit of yamayski pyerets.
Describe the habit of bahar.
Describe the habit of pea.
Describe the habit of garden pea.
Describe the habit of English pea.
Describe the habit of green pea.
Describe the habit of petits pois.
Describe the habit of guisante.
Describe the habit of arveja.
Describe the habit of erbse.
Describe the habit of mattar.
Describe the habit of ervilha.
Describe the habit of arapatao.
Describe the habit of bisillah.
Describe the habit of purslane.
Describe the habit of pigweed.
Describe the habit of peach.
Describe the habit of pêche.
Describe the habit of melocoton.
Describe the habit of pesca.
Describe the habit of Pfirsich.
Describe the habit of pessego.
Describe the habit of Semen Persicae.
Describe the habit of red Ceylon peach.
Describe the habit of bonanza peach.
Describe the habit of clingstone peach.
Describe the habit of freestone peach.
Describe the habit of red haven peach.
Describe the habit of Rio Oso gem peach.
Describe the habit of cherry guava.
Describe the habit of Chinese guava.
Describe the habit of guava Chinese.
Describe the habit of strawberry guava.
Describe the habit of goyave de Chine.
Describe the habit of Cattley guava.
Describe the habit of guava.
Describe the habit of guayaba.
Describe the habit of goyave.
Describe the habit of goyavier.
Describe the habit of goiaba.
Describe the habit of goeajaaba.
Describe the habit of Guave.
Describe the habit of jambu batu.
Describe the habit of bayabas.
Describe the habit of guyabas.
Describe the habit of trapaek sruk.
Describe the habit of si da.
Describe the habit of farang.
Describe the habit of fa-rahng.
Describe the habit of ma-kuai.
Describe the habit of ma-man.
Describe the habit of oi.
Describe the habit of kuava.
Describe the habit of amrut.
Describe the habit of kautoga.
Describe the habit of kua'va.
Describe the habit of zeitun.
Describe the habit of winged bean.
Describe the habit of Goa bean.
Describe the habit of princess bean.
Describe the habit of four angled bean.
Describe the habit of asparagus bean.
Describe the habit of asparagus pea.
Describe the habit of princess-pea.
Describe the habit of supermarket bean.
Describe the habit of short day asparagus pea.
Describe the habit of pois asperge.
Describe the habit of pois carré.
Describe the habit of haricot ailé.
Describe the habit of pois ailé.
Describe the habit of dólico de Goa.
Describe the habit of frijol alado.
Describe the habit of judia careta.
Describe the habit of calamismi.
Describe the habit of flügelbohne.
Describe the habit of Goabohne.
Describe the habit of sikaku mame.
Describe the habit of pe saung ya.
Describe the habit of hto pong.
Describe the habit of ku bemya.
Describe the habit of si leng dou.
Describe the habit of si jiao dou.
Describe the habit of sz kok tau.
Describe the habit of Goabønne.
Describe the habit of ketjipir.
Describe the habit of Goanpapu.
Describe the habit of fagiolo quadrato.
Describe the habit of prâpiëy.
Describe the habit of thwàx ph'uu.
Describe the habit of kecipir.
Describe the habit of kethipir.
Describe the habit of ketjeepir.
Describe the habit of kachang botol.
Describe the habit of kacang botol.
Describe the habit of kacang kelisa.
Describe the habit of kachang botor.
Describe the habit of kacang botor.
Describe the habit of kacang sirek.
Describe the habit of kechang bolon.
Describe the habit of kachang belimbing.
Describe the habit of fava de cavalo.
Describe the habit of vingböna.
Describe the habit of segidilla.
Describe the habit of sigarilya.
Describe the habit of sigarillas.
Describe the habit of sigadillas.
Describe the habit of thua phuu.
Describe the habit of dau rong.
Describe the habit of kalamismis.
Describe the habit of kabey.
Describe the habit of asbin.
Describe the habit of as bin.
Describe the habit of padauk.
Describe the habit of Burmese rosewood.
Describe the habit of liki.
Describe the habit of kudzu.
Describe the habit of acha.
Describe the habit of nepalem.
Describe the habit of kudzu vine.
Describe the habit of Japanese arrowroot.
Describe the habit of cudzu'.
Describe the habit of kudzu comun.
Describe the habit of vigne japonaise.
Describe the habit of kudzu du Japon.
Describe the habit of Kopoubohne.
Describe the habit of pueraria.
Describe the habit of kuzu.
Describe the habit of puero.
Describe the habit of tropical kudzu.
Describe the habit of yerba kudzu.
Describe the habit of cudzu' dos tropicos.
Describe the habit of pomegranate.
Describe the habit of grenadine.
Describe the habit of Chinese apple.
Describe the habit of grenade.
Describe the habit of grenadier.
Describe the habit of roma.
Describe the habit of roman.
Describe the habit of romanzeira.
Describe the habit of milgrada.
Describe the habit of mirgadeira.
Describe the habit of granada.
Describe the habit of granado.
Describe the habit of dalima.
Describe the habit of melograno.
Describe the habit of pear.
Describe the habit of pear tree.
Describe the habit of poire.
Describe the habit of poirier.
Describe the habit of pera.
Describe the habit of pereira.
Describe the habit of peral.
Describe the habit of Birne.
Describe the habit of Birnenbaum.
Describe the habit of radish.
Describe the habit of Japanese radish.
Describe the habit of leafy daikon.
Describe the habit of daikon.
Describe the habit of European raspberry.
Describe the habit of red garden raspberry.
Describe the habit of red raspberry.
Describe the habit of hindberry.
Describe the habit of rasberry.
Describe the habit of raspberry.
Describe the habit of hindbær.
Describe the habit of frambuesa.
Describe the habit of framboise.
Describe the habit of framboeza.
Describe the habit of sarca-ideia.
Describe the habit of Himbeere.
Describe the habit of Rubi idaei folium.
Describe the habit of dewberry.
Describe the habit of duruka.
Describe the habit of Fiji aspragus.
Describe the habit of duruka.
Describe the habit of dule (Fiji).
Describe the habit of pit-pit (Melanesia).
Describe the habit of naviso.
Describe the habit of Coastal pitpit.
Describe the habit of Pitpit.
Describe the habit of sugarcane.
Describe the habit of sugar cane.
Describe the habit of canna da zucchero.
Describe the habit of caña de azúcar.
Describe the habit of cana de acucar.
Describe the habit of Zuckerrohr.
Describe the habit of suikerriet.
Describe the habit of shenkora.
Describe the habit of dovu.
Describe the habit of dovu buta.
Describe the habit of dovu vico.
Describe the habit of malaqele.
Describe the habit of kabakabavale.
Describe the habit of ganna.
Describe the habit of te kaikawewe (Kiribati).
Describe the habit of to.
Describe the habit of tolo (Samoa.
Describe the habit of Tuvalu).
Describe the habit of peqi (Simbo).
Describe the habit of suti (Roviana).
Describe the habit of suga.
Describe the habit of rain tree saman.
Describe the habit of monkey-pod tree.
Describe the habit of monkeypod.
Describe the habit of saman tree.
Describe the habit of zaman.
Describe the habit of genisaro.
Describe the habit of cow tamarind.
Describe the habit of porrain tree.
Describe the habit of arvore da chuva.
Describe the habit of samania.
Describe the habit of guango.
Describe the habit of feijao cru'.
Describe the habit of mendubi de veado.
Describe the habit of ohai saman.
Describe the habit of 'ohai.
Describe the habit of gumor ni spanis.
Describe the habit of kasia.
Describe the habit of vaivai ni vavalangi.
Describe the habit of vaivai ni vavalagi.
Describe the habit of tronkon mames.
Describe the habit of trongkon-mames.
Describe the habit of filinganga (CNMI-Carolinian).
Describe the habit of rye.
Describe the habit of seigle.
Describe the habit of centeno.
Describe the habit of roggen.
Describe the habit of saat-roggen.
Describe the habit of segale comune.
Describe the habit of zyto.
Describe the habit of almindelig rug.
Describe the habit of rug.
Describe the habit of råg.
Describe the habit of rúgur.
Describe the habit of ruis.
Describe the habit of rogge.
Describe the habit of chayote.
Describe the habit of Madeira marrow.
Describe the habit of vegetable pear.
Describe the habit of zucchetta spinosa.
Describe the habit of cidrayota.
Describe the habit of gayota.
Describe the habit of chistophine.
Describe the habit of mirliton.
Describe the habit of chocho.
Describe the habit of chuchu.
Describe the habit of xuxu.
Describe the habit of machiche.
Describe the habit of machuchu (Brazil).
Describe the habit of papa del arie (Argentina).
Describe the habit of huisquil (Mexico).
Describe the habit of choko.
Describe the habit of Sioko.
Describe the habit of sesame.
Describe the habit of ajonjoli.
Describe the habit of sesamo.
Describe the habit of zhima.
Describe the habit of gergelim.
Describe the habit of til.
Describe the habit of sesam.
Describe the habit of simsim.
Describe the habit of kunzhut.
Describe the habit of goma.
Describe the habit of hu-ma.
Describe the habit of selit.
Describe the habit of scarlet wisteria tree.
Describe the habit of glossy nightshade.
Describe the habit of small flowered nightshade.
Describe the habit of American black nightshade.
Describe the habit of morelle noire.
Describe the habit of harsh.
Describe the habit of managu.
Describe the habit of key awuti.
Describe the habit of eggplant.
Describe the habit of aubergine.
Describe the habit of brinjal.
Describe the habit of badinjan.
Describe the habit of jew's apple.
Describe the habit of mad apple.
Describe the habit of melongene.
Describe the habit of melanzana.
Describe the habit of baijani.
Describe the habit of baigan.
Describe the habit of beringela.
Describe the habit of jiloeiro.
Describe the habit of jilo'.
Describe the habit of gilo'.
Describe the habit of berenjena.
Describe the habit of paigani.
Describe the habit of paegani (Tuvalu).
Describe the habit of albaricoque.
Describe the habit of European elder.
Describe the habit of common elder.
Describe the habit of black elder.
Describe the habit of bour.
Describe the habit of bour tree.
Describe the habit of elder.
Describe the habit of key-awuti.
Describe the habit of schwarzer nachtschatten.
Describe the habit of nattskatta.
Describe the habit of svartsøtvier.
Describe the habit of mustakoiso.
Describe the habit of karakap.
Describe the habit of sort natskygge.
Describe the habit of boro ni veiwere.
Describe the habit of Qaqata (Konsogna).
Describe the habit of A'ena (Wolayetgna).
Describe the habit of Awitt (Amargna).
Describe the habit of naranjilla.
Describe the habit of little orange.
Describe the habit of Quito orange.
Describe the habit of lulo.
Describe the habit of morelle de Quito.
Describe the habit of orange de Quito.
Describe the habit of quitoense.
Describe the habit of naranjilla de Quito.
Describe the habit of nuqui.
Describe the habit of naranjita de Quito.
Describe the habit of lulun.
Describe the habit of toronja.
Describe the habit of laranjitas de Quito.
Describe the habit of lulo frucht.
Describe the habit of lulu puscolulu.
Describe the habit of lulum (Inca).
Describe the habit of prickly solanum.
Describe the habit of terongan.
Describe the habit of soni.
Describe the habit of bhankatiya.
Describe the habit of turkeyberry.
Describe the habit of berenjena cimarrona.
Describe the habit of potato.
Describe the habit of tuber.
Describe the habit of spud.
Describe the habit of Irish potato.
Describe the habit of white potato.
Describe the habit of Spanish potato.
Describe the habit of pomme de terre.
Describe the habit of patate.
Describe the habit of batata.
Describe the habit of batateira vulgar.
Describe the habit of papa.
Describe the habit of vateta.
Describe the habit of aartappel.
Describe the habit of katoffel.
Describe the habit of Kartoffel.
Describe the habit of peruna.
Describe the habit of potaati.
Describe the habit of potatis.
Describe the habit of patata.
Describe the habit of firefly mangrove.
Describe the habit of mangrove.
Describe the habit of broom-corn.
Describe the habit of sorghum.
Describe the habit of sweet sorghum.
Describe the habit of chicken corn.
Describe the habit of sorgho.
Describe the habit of sorgo.
Describe the habit of ipwa.
Describe the habit of bachanta.
Describe the habit of tinkish.
Describe the habit of Hirse.
Describe the habit of African tulip tree.
Describe the habit of Tulpenbaum.
Describe the habit of spinach.
Describe the habit of epinard.
Describe the habit of espinaca.
Describe the habit of spinacio.
Describe the habit of ambarella.
Describe the habit of otaheite apple.
Describe the habit of great hog plum.
Describe the habit of hogplum.
Describe the habit of kedondong manis.
Describe the habit of kedondong.
Describe the habit of hevi.
Describe the habit of mokak.
Describe the habit of kook hvaan.
Describe the habit of makok-farang.
Describe the habit of cóc.
Describe the habit of golden apple.
Describe the habit of koris.
Describe the habit of yellow mombin.
Describe the habit of hog plum.
Describe the habit of Spanish plum.
Describe the habit of gully plum.
Describe the habit of Ashanti plum.
Describe the habit of mombin franc.
Describe the habit of mombin fruits jaunes.
Describe the habit of mombinier.
Describe the habit of myrobalane.
Describe the habit of prune mombin.
Describe the habit of prune myrobalan.
Describe the habit of prunier mombin.
Describe the habit of caimito.
Describe the habit of chupandilla.
Describe the habit of ciruela agria.
Describe the habit of ciruela amarilla.
Describe the habit of ciruela de jobo.
Describe the habit of ciruela del pais.
Describe the habit of ciruela de monte.
Describe the habit of ciruela loca.
Describe the habit of cirueld mango.
Describe the habit of ciruela obo.
Describe the habit of cuajo.
Describe the habit of guama zapotero.
Describe the habit of hobo de monte.
Describe the habit of hubu.
Describe the habit of jobillo.
Describe the habit of jobito.
Describe the habit of jobo.
Describe the habit of jobo arisco.
Describe the habit of joboban.
Describe the habit of jobo blanco.
Describe the habit of jobo de Castilla.
Describe the habit of jobo de perro.
Describe the habit of jobo de puerco.
Describe the habit of jobo espino.
Describe the habit of jobo espinoso.
Describe the habit of jobo gusanero.
Describe the habit of jobo hembra.
Describe the habit of jobo jocote.
Describe the habit of jobo negro.
Describe the habit of jobo roñoso.
Describe the habit of jobo vano.
Describe the habit of jocote.
Describe the habit of jocote amarillo.
Describe the habit of jocote de chanche.
Describe the habit of jocote dejobo.
Describe the habit of jocote jobo.
Describe the habit of jocote montanero.
Describe the habit of jocote montero.
Describe the habit of jovo.
Describe the habit of marapa.
Describe the habit of obo de zopilote.
Describe the habit of palo de mulato.
Describe the habit of noma.
Describe the habit of tobo de montana.
Describe the habit of obo.
Describe the habit of uvo.
Describe the habit of acaiba.
Describe the habit of acaimiri.
Describe the habit of acaja.
Describe the habit of acajaiba.
Describe the habit of caja.
Describe the habit of caja mirim.
Describe the habit of caja pequeno.
Describe the habit of cajazeiro.
Describe the habit of and caja miudo.
Describe the habit of hoeboe.
Describe the habit of mompe.
Describe the habit of monbe.
Describe the habit of mopé.
Describe the habit of moppé.
Describe the habit of taperiba.
Describe the habit of tapiriba.
Describe the habit of tamarind.
Describe the habit of Indian date.
Describe the habit of Madeira mahogany.
Describe the habit of camalindo.
Describe the habit of sampaloc.
Describe the habit of tamarin.
Describe the habit of tamarindo.
Describe the habit of tamarainer.
Describe the habit of tamarindier.
Describe the habit of ardeib.
Describe the habit of tamarindeiro.
Describe the habit of tamarinho.
Describe the habit of tamarineiro.
Describe the habit of tamarinheiro.
Describe the habit of tamanha.
Describe the habit of jubai'.
Describe the habit of tamarinde.
Describe the habit of tamarindizio.
Describe the habit of ambli.
Describe the habit of amli.
Describe the habit of imli.
Describe the habit of amalika.
Describe the habit of tintiff.
Describe the habit of tintul.
Describe the habit of tetul.
Describe the habit of chinch.
Describe the habit of chitz.
Describe the habit of asam jawa.
Describe the habit of assam.
Describe the habit of tambaring.
Describe the habit of chinta.
Describe the habit of sitta.
Describe the habit of pulian.
Describe the habit of tetili.
Describe the habit of salomagi.
Describe the habit of sampalok.
Describe the habit of kalamagi.
Describe the habit of makham.
Describe the habit of bakham.
Describe the habit of somkham.
Describe the habit of humer.
Describe the habit of masika.
Describe the habit of dakar (Senegal).
Describe the habit of ukwaju.
Describe the habit of arabeb.
Describe the habit of b/roka.
Describe the habit of racahu.
Describe the habit of dereho.
Describe the habit of dindie.
Describe the habit of ghroma.
Describe the habit of gianko.
Describe the habit of omar.
Describe the habit of aradeib.
Describe the habit of tamarihindi.
Describe the habit of shekere.
Describe the habit of kuashi.
Describe the habit of danufi.
Describe the habit of daharg.
Describe the habit of dakah.
Describe the habit of dakhar.
Describe the habit of ndakhar.
Describe the habit of roka.
Describe the habit of hemor.
Describe the habit of homor.
Describe the habit of humar.
Describe the habit of komar.
Describe the habit of tommar.
Describe the habit of siyambala.
Describe the habit of maha.
Describe the habit of mushishi.
Describe the habit of mkwaju.
Describe the habit of ol-masamburai.
Describe the habit of mwemba.
Describe the habit of hamar.
Describe the habit of khaam.
Describe the habit of mak kham.
Describe the habit of puli.
Describe the habit of magyi.
Describe the habit of magyee.
Describe the habit of majee-pen.
Describe the habit of tamarenn.
Describe the habit of 'am' pul.
Describe the habit of ampil.
Describe the habit of khoua me.
Describe the habit of kham.
Describe the habit of me.
Describe the habit of trai me.
Describe the habit of ttri.
Describe the habit of titis.
Describe the habit of paun.
Describe the habit of dabe.
Describe the habit of jammeh.
Describe the habit of jammi.
Describe the habit of homar.
Describe the habit of roka (Galinya).
Describe the habit of ragai (Soddu).
Describe the habit of tamarind-hendi.
Describe the habit of Rogo'ota (Konsogna).
Describe the habit of Koria (Wolayetgna).
Describe the habit of Tropical almond.
Describe the habit of Indian almond.
Describe the habit of sea almond.
Describe the habit of badamier (Fr.).
Describe the habit of daile.
Describe the habit of natapoa.
Describe the habit of alita.
Describe the habit of talie.
Describe the habit of telie.
Describe the habit of Tatalise (Roviana).
Describe the habit of Talise (Simbo/Marovo).
Describe the habit of Java almond.
Describe the habit of cocoa.
Describe the habit of cacao.
Describe the habit of koko.
Describe the habit of Kakao.
Describe the habit of fey dayiti.
Describe the habit of gran maho.
Describe the habit of grand mahaut.
Describe the habit of gros mahaut.
Describe the habit of gwo maho.
Describe the habit of mahot.
Describe the habit of cork tree.
Describe the habit of Indian tulip tree.
Describe the habit of John-Bull tree.
Describe the habit of large-leaved tulip tree.
Describe the habit of milo.
Describe the habit of Pacific rosewood.
Describe the habit of portia tree.
Describe the habit of seaside mahoe.
Describe the habit of feuilles d'Haiti.
Describe the habit of motel debou.
Describe the habit of gajadanda.
Describe the habit of paras-pipal.
Describe the habit of parsipu.
Describe the habit of porush.
Describe the habit of baru laut.
Describe the habit of waru laut.
Describe the habit of baëhs sâmut.
Describe the habit of chréi sâmut.
Describe the habit of baru baru.
Describe the habit of alamo.
Describe the habit of alamo blanco.
Describe the habit of carana.
Describe the habit of clamour.
Describe the habit of duartiana.
Describe the habit of emajaguilla.
Describe the habit of higuillo.
Describe the habit of jaqueca.
Describe the habit of majaguilla.
Describe the habit of majugua de la Florida.
Describe the habit of palo de jaqueca.
Describe the habit of pho-thale.
Describe the habit of mangrove.
Describe the habit of charcoal tree.
Describe the habit of gun-powder tree.
Describe the habit of mpesi.
Describe the habit of menarong.
Describe the habit of bulasisi.
Describe the habit of corgul.
Describe the habit of peppermint.
Describe the habit of brandy mint.
Describe the habit of menthe poivree.
Describe the habit of menthe.
Describe the habit of bohe.
Describe the habit of Pfefferminze.
Describe the habit of menta.
Describe the habit of pepparmynta.
Describe the habit of pepermynte.
Describe the habit of na'na.
Describe the habit of pepermunt.
Describe the habit of hortela.
Describe the habit of myata.
Describe the habit of seiyo-hakka.
Describe the habit of Folia Menthae piperitae.
Describe the habit of Oleum Menthae piperitae.
Describe the habit of Spiritus Menthae piperitae.
Describe the habit of Menthae piperitae herba.
Describe the habit of Aetheroleum menthae piperitae.
Describe the habit of yang-po-ho.
Describe the habit of snake gourd.
Describe the habit of chichinda.
Describe the habit of wheat.
Describe the habit of bread wheat.
Describe the habit of blé.
Describe the habit of alkamh.
Describe the habit of sinde.
Describe the habit of xiao mai.
Describe the habit of trigo.
Describe the habit of brödvete.
Describe the habit of vanligt vete.
Describe the habit of kveite.
Describe the habit of almindelig hvede.
Describe the habit of leipävehnä.
Describe the habit of vehnä.
Describe the habit of hveiti.
Describe the habit of aat-weize.
Describe the habit of weizen.
Describe the habit of grano.
Describe the habit of frumento.
Describe the habit of lua mi.
Describe the habit of froment.
Describe the habit of cereals-wheat.
Describe the habit of ulluco.
Describe the habit of melloco.
Describe the habit of oca quina.
Describe the habit of rubas (Ecuador).
Describe the habit of olloco.
Describe the habit of ulluca.
Describe the habit of ulluma (Argentina).
Describe the habit of papa lisas.
Describe the habit of lisas (Bolivia).
Describe the habit of olluco.
Describe the habit of papalisa (Peru).
Describe the habit of rubas.
Describe the habit of camarones de tierra.
Describe the habit of ruhuas (Colombia).
Describe the habit of micuche.
Describe the habit of miguri.
Describe the habit of ruba.
Describe the habit of tinquino (Venezuela).
Describe the habit of broad bean.
Describe the habit of Windsor bean.
Describe the habit of faba bean.
Describe the habit of ackerbohne.
Describe the habit of pferde bohne.
Describe the habit of fève de Marais.
Describe the habit of fava.
Describe the habit of faveira.
Describe the habit of horse bean.
Describe the habit of adzuki bean.
Describe the habit of adsuki.
Describe the habit of atsuki atzuki.
Describe the habit of azuki bean.
Describe the habit of haricot adzuki.
Describe the habit of haricot à feuilles angulaires.
Describe the habit of haricot konde.
Describe the habit of nirikia.
Describe the habit of feijâo adzuki.
Describe the habit of frijol adzuki.
Describe the habit of frijol diablito.
Describe the habit of poroto arroz.
Describe the habit of adzukibohne.
Describe the habit of fagiolo adzuki.
Describe the habit of red  bean.
Describe the habit of black gram.
Describe the habit of urd.
Describe the habit of urid.
Describe the habit of mung bean.
Describe the habit of bean - mung.
Describe the habit of green gram (India).
Describe the habit of mung bean (Aust).
Describe the habit of judia de mungo.
Describe the habit of poroto mungo (Paraguay).
Describe the habit of ambérique.
Describe the habit of Mungbohne.
Describe the habit of rice bean.
Describe the habit of bean - rice.
Describe the habit of red bean.
Describe the habit of lazy-man pea.
Describe the habit of haricot de riz.
Describe the habit of frijol arroz.
Describe the habit of judia de arroz.
Describe the habit of mambi bean.
Describe the habit of anipay.
Describe the habit of bamboo bean.
Describe the habit of climbing mountain bean.
Describe the habit of crab-eye bean.
Describe the habit of dungay.
Describe the habit of kalipan.
Describe the habit of kilkilang.
Describe the habit of linay.
Describe the habit of mangulasi.
Describe the habit of mungo lising.
Describe the habit of pagapay.
Describe the habit of pagsei.
Describe the habit of paksai.
Describe the habit of taklauo.
Describe the habit of tapilan.
Describe the habit of gai-kalai.
Describe the habit of ghurush.
Describe the habit of gurounsh.
Describe the habit of gurush.
Describe the habit of kachang sepalit.
Describe the habit of katjang otji.
Describe the habit of meth.
Describe the habit of pau maia.
Describe the habit of shiltong.
Describe the habit of sita-mas.
Describe the habit of sutari.
Describe the habit of sutri.
Describe the habit of take-azuki.
Describe the habit of tsuru-adsuki.
Describe the habit of mu-tsa.
Describe the habit of reisbohne.
Describe the habit of cow pea.
Describe the habit of cowpea.
Describe the habit of southern pea (USA).
Describe the habit of yard long bean.
Describe the habit of pois inconnu.
Describe the habit of pois manger cochon.
Describe the habit of frijol de vaca.
Describe the habit of jiangdou.
Describe the habit of caupí.
Describe the habit of boeme.
Describe the habit of catjang.
Describe the habit of niebe.
Describe the habit of pois liane.
Describe the habit of grape.
Describe the habit of raisin.
Describe the habit of grappe.
Describe the habit of uva.
Describe the habit of videira.
Describe the habit of vinha.
Describe the habit of vindrue.
Describe the habit of buah anggur.
Describe the habit of auggut.
Describe the habit of ubas.
Describe the habit of sa-pyit.
Describe the habit of tra pèang baay chum.
Describe the habit of angunx.
Describe the habit of artgun.
Describe the habit of nho.
Describe the habit of Traube.
Describe the habit of Weintraube.
Describe the habit of Vitis viniferae folium.
Describe the habit of enab.
Describe the habit of vite.
Describe the habit of tannia.
Describe the habit of new cocoyam.
Describe the habit of tania.
Describe the habit of badoo (Jam).
Describe the habit of Chinese taro (Pap.N.G.).
Describe the habit of chou (Gren).
Describe the habit of chou caraibe (Ant).
Describe the habit of Dalo ni tana (Fi).
Describe the habit of Fiji taro.
Describe the habit of ghuya.
Describe the habit of kimpool.
Describe the habit of kong kong taro (N.Guin.).
Describe the habit of macabo (Cam).
Describe the habit of maduma (Tanz).
Describe the habit of maffafa (Ant).
Describe the habit of Malanga (Ant-Cub).
Describe the habit of Malanga blanca (Nic).
Describe the habit of Mangareto (Bra).
Describe the habit of Ocumo (Ven).
Describe the habit of Ocumo cuman (Ven).
Describe the habit of Quequeque (Guat.).
Describe the habit of Rascadera (Bra).
Describe the habit of Singapo?.
Describe the habit of Tajer (Sur).
Describe the habit of Taioba (Bra).
Describe the habit of Talo papalagi (Sam).
Describe the habit of Ta'amu papalagi.
Describe the habit of Tanyove (Guy).
Describe the habit of Tarua??.
Describe the habit of Tata.
Describe the habit of Tayobe.
Describe the habit of Tayonne.
Describe the habit of Tayo Tyo (W.I.).
Describe the habit of Tiquisque (C.Ri.).
Describe the habit of Yautia bravia (P.Ri.).
Describe the habit of maize.
Describe the habit of corn.
Describe the habit of Mais.
Describe the habit of maiz.
Describe the habit of milho.
Describe the habit of yumi.
Describe the habit of khao phoat.
Describe the habit of bekolo.
Describe the habit of sila.
Describe the habit of sila nivava lagi.
Describe the habit of tomorokpshi.
Describe the habit of makai.
Describe the habit of makki.
Describe the habit of koane.
Describe the habit of fiso.
Describe the habit of sana.
Describe the habit of keto (Simbo/Roviana).
Describe the habit of kon.
Describe the habit of mielie.
Describe the habit of mahindi.
Describe the habit of ekidid (Karamojong).
Describe the habit of maidis stigmata.
Describe the habit of mbemba.
Describe the habit of poone.
Describe the habit of upfu.
Describe the habit of hupfu.
Describe the habit of mbila.
Describe the habit of amaranths.
Describe the habit of xian.
Describe the habit of lishalisho.
Describe the habit of ferenjitef.
Describe the habit of iyaso (Galinya).
Describe the habit of jolili (Galinya).
Describe the habit of gagabsa (Wollamo).
Describe the habit of dill.
Describe the habit of garden dill.
Describe the habit of East Indian dill.
Describe the habit of aneth.
Describe the habit of eneldo.
Describe the habit of shibith.
Describe the habit of dille.
Describe the habit of aneto.
Describe the habit of funcho bastardo.
Describe the habit of endro.
Describe the habit of ukrop.
Describe the habit of shih-lo.
Describe the habit of Anethi folium.
Describe the habit of Anethi fructus.
Describe the habit of Aetheroleum anethi fructus.
Describe the habit of Aetheroleum anethi herba.
Describe the habit of cherimoya.
Describe the habit of cherimoyer.
Describe the habit of soursop.
Describe the habit of sauerapfel.
Describe the habit of cherimolier.
Describe the habit of graveola.
Describe the habit of noina ostrelia.
Describe the habit of ilama.
Describe the habit of anona blanca.
Describe the habit of ilamatzapotl.
Describe the habit of izlama.
Describe the habit of papausa.
Describe the habit of Soncoya.
Describe the habit of bignay.
Describe the habit of Chinese laurel.
Describe the habit of blackcurrant tree.
Describe the habit of salamander tree.
Describe the habit of antidesme.
Describe the habit of antidesma da China.
Describe the habit of cardoeira.
Describe the habit of buni.
Describe the habit of wuni.
Describe the habit of huni.
Describe the habit of bunch.
Describe the habit of paginga.
Describe the habit of isip.
Describe the habit of kho liên tu.
Describe the habit of baa mao ruesee.
Describe the habit of mamao dong.
Describe the habit of mao chaang.
Describe the habit of chiòi mòi.
Describe the habit of groundnut.
Describe the habit of peanut.
Describe the habit of monkeynut.
Describe the habit of arachide.
Describe the habit of cacahuètes.
Describe the habit of Erdnuss.
Describe the habit of goober.
Describe the habit of mani.
Describe the habit of mani largo.
Describe the habit of pindels.
Describe the habit of pistach.
Describe the habit of pistache.
Describe the habit of pinat.
Describe the habit of pinati.
Describe the habit of earthnut.
Describe the habit of Manila nut.
Describe the habit of Chinese nut.
Describe the habit of pindar.
Describe the habit of goober pea.
Describe the habit of spagnoletta.
Describe the habit of nilakkadalai.
Describe the habit of kadalai.
Describe the habit of akee.
Describe the habit of ackee.
Describe the habit of akee apple.
Describe the habit of vegetable brain.
Describe the habit of arbre fricassé.
Describe the habit of arbre a fricasser.
Describe the habit of yeux de crabe.
Describe the habit of ris de veau.
Describe the habit of seso vegetal.
Describe the habit of arbol de seso.
Describe the habit of palo de seso.
Describe the habit of huevo vegetal.
Describe the habit of fruto de huevo.
Describe the habit of arbor del huevo.
Describe the habit of pera roja.
Describe the habit of merey del diablo.
Describe the habit of bien me sabe.
Describe the habit of pan y quesito.
Describe the habit of akí.
Describe the habit of castanha.
Describe the habit of castanheiro de Africa.
Describe the habit of finza.
Describe the habit of akie.
Describe the habit of kaka.
Describe the habit of finzan.
Describe the habit of akye.
Describe the habit of akyen.
Describe the habit of ishin.
Describe the habit of Kohlrabi.
Describe the habit of Sword bean.
Describe the habit of achira.
Describe the habit of edible canna.
Describe the habit of purple arrowroot.
Describe the habit of Queensland arrowroot.
Describe the habit of Australian arrow root.
Describe the habit of tous-les-mois.
Describe the habit of toloman.
Describe the habit of conflor.
Describe the habit of bahasa.
Describe the habit of achera.
Describe the habit of capacho.
Describe the habit of sugù.
Describe the habit of chisqua.
Describe the habit of adura.
Describe the habit of luano.
Describe the habit of gruya.
Describe the habit of tolumán.
Describe the habit of tikas.
Describe the habit of punyapong.
Describe the habit of kaska.
Describe the habit of piriquitoya.
Describe the habit of maraca.
Describe the habit of imocona.
Describe the habit of platanillo.
Describe the habit of cafiacoros.
Describe the habit of ganyong.
Describe the habit of lembong njeedra.
Describe the habit of seneetra.
Describe the habit of merù.
Describe the habit of birù manso.
Describe the habit of bery.
Describe the habit of imbiry.
Describe the habit of araruta bastarda.
Describe the habit of bandua de Uribe.
Describe the habit of adalut.
Describe the habit of kenyong.
Describe the habit of ubi gereda.
Describe the habit of zembu.
Describe the habit of sakhu chin.
Describe the habit of dong rieng.
Describe the habit of Pecan.
Describe the habit of chestnut.
Describe the habit of European chestnut.
Describe the habit of French chestnut.
Describe the habit of Italian chestnut.
Describe the habit of Spanish chestnut.
Describe the habit of Sardian chestnut.
Describe the habit of sweet chestnut.
Describe the habit of Congo stick.
Describe the habit of chataignier.
Describe the habit of castagno.
Describe the habit of Kastanienbaum.
Describe the habit of Edelkastanie.
Describe the habit of ægte kastanie.
Describe the habit of castanheiro vulgar.
Describe the habit of Castaneae folium.
Describe the habit of aila.
Describe the habit of Key lime.
Describe the habit of acid lime.
Describe the habit of Mexican lime.
Describe the habit of sour lime.
Describe the habit of West Indian lime.
Describe the habit of lime tree.
Describe the habit of common lime.
Describe the habit of lime acide.
Describe the habit of limettier.
Describe the habit of citron vert.
Describe the habit of limoo.
Describe the habit of doc.
Describe the habit of lima.
Describe the habit of limón ceutí.
Describe the habit of lima ácida.
Describe the habit of tipolo.
Describe the habit of Limette.
Describe the habit of Limettenbaum.
Describe the habit of Limone.
Describe the habit of saure Limette.
Describe the habit of saure Limonette.
Describe the habit of Limonelle.
Describe the habit of kagzi mimboo.
Describe the habit of jeruk nipis.
Describe the habit of jeruk pecel.
Describe the habit of limau asam.
Describe the habit of limau nipis.
Describe the habit of mull.
Describe the habit of dayap.
Describe the habit of krooch chhmaa muul.
Describe the habit of naaw.
Describe the habit of somma nao.
Describe the habit of manao.
Describe the habit of cbanh.
Describe the habit of chanh ta.
Describe the habit of muli.
Describe the habit of sipora.
Describe the habit of arani (Cooks).
Describe the habit of moli.
Describe the habit of molie.
Describe the habit of moli laimi.
Describe the habit of laimi.
Describe the habit of nabbu kaghdi.
Describe the habit of te raim (Kiribati).
Describe the habit of moli tipolo.
Describe the habit of Omani lime (Oman).
Describe the habit of kaghzi nimba.
Describe the habit of baladi lemon (Egypt).
Describe the habit of gallego (Brazil).
Describe the habit of hazel nut.
Describe the habit of European hazel.
Describe the habit of cob nuts.
Describe the habit of Irish coll.
Describe the habit of fertile de Coutard.
Describe the habit of longue d'Espagne.
Describe the habit of lungha di Spagne.
Describe the habit of nocciolo.
Describe the habit of Gunslebenert Zellernuss.
Describe the habit of Gunslebert.
Describe the habit of Haselnuss.
Describe the habit of Haselnussbaum.
Describe the habit of hassel.
Describe the habit of hasselbuske.
Describe the habit of vanlig hassel.
Describe the habit of pähkinäpensas.
Describe the habit of Coryli folium.
Describe the habit of black sapote.
Describe the habit of black persimmon.
Describe the habit of zapote negro.
Describe the habit of Java apple.
Describe the habit of buckwheat.
Describe the habit of qiaomei.
Describe the habit of ogal.
Describe the habit of mite phapar.
Describe the habit of grecicha kul'turnaja.
Describe the habit of poganka.
Describe the habit of sarrasin.
Describe the habit of trigo sarraceno.
Describe the habit of fagopiro.
Describe the habit of echter Buchweizen.
Describe the habit of Buchweizen.
Describe the habit of Keidekorn.
Describe the habit of soba.
Describe the habit of bovete.
Describe the habit of bokvete.
Describe the habit of vanligt bovete.
Describe the habit of bokkveite.
Describe the habit of almindelig boghvede.
Describe the habit of viljatatar.
Describe the habit of Fagopyri semen.
Describe the habit of Fagopyri herba.
Describe the habit of Governor's plum.
Describe the habit of batoko plum.
Describe the habit of Indian plum.
Describe the habit of whip cane.
Describe the habit of jangoma.
Describe the habit of flacurtia.
Describe the habit of oval kumquat.
Describe the habit of Nagame kumquat.
Describe the habit of cumquate oval.
Describe the habit of wild strawberry.
Describe the habit of Walderdbeere.
Describe the habit of Knickbeere.
Describe the habit of fragolina di bosco.
Describe the habit of smultron.
Describe the habit of skogssmultron.
Describe the habit of månadssmultron.
Describe the habit of markjordbær.
Describe the habit of skov-jordbær.
Describe the habit of ahomansikka.
Describe the habit of mansikka.
Describe the habit of villijar›arber.
Describe the habit of gourka.
Describe the habit of egg tree.
Describe the habit of peach palm.
Describe the habit of pejibaye.
Describe the habit of chontaduro.
Describe the habit of pijuayo(Peru).
Describe the habit of palmier-peche.
Describe the habit of pupunha.
Describe the habit of (see also under Notes).
Describe the habit of walnut.
Describe the habit of walnut tree.
Describe the habit of Nussbaum.
Describe the habit of Walnussbaum.
Describe the habit of echte Walnuß.
Describe the habit of noce.
Describe the habit of noyer.
Describe the habit of nogal.
Describe the habit of valnød.
Describe the habit of almindelig valnød.
Describe the habit of valnöt.
Describe the habit of valnötsträd.
Describe the habit of äkta valnöt.
Describe the habit of Juglandis folium.
Describe the habit of Juglandis pericarpium.
Describe the habit of Juglandis disseptum.
Describe the habit of langsat.
Describe the habit of duku.
Describe the habit of kokosan.
Describe the habit of duku-langsat.
Describe the habit of lansones.
Describe the habit of boboa.
Describe the habit of buahan.
Describe the habit of longkong.
Describe the habit of bònbon.
Describe the habit of Sapodilla.
Describe the habit of chiku.
Describe the habit of Arrowroot.
Describe the habit of balm.
Describe the habit of lemon balm.
Describe the habit of Melisse.
Describe the habit of melisse officinale.
Describe the habit of Melissae folium.
Describe the habit of Melissae herba.
Describe the habit of Aetheroleum melissae.
Describe the habit of false pickerelweed.
Describe the habit of horseradish tree.
Describe the habit of ben oil tree.
Describe the habit of drumstick tree.
Describe the habit of clarifier tree.
Describe the habit of mother's best friend.
Describe the habit of moringa tree.
Describe the habit of cabbage tree.
Describe the habit of benzolive tree.
Describe the habit of malunggay.
Describe the habit of zogallagandi.
Describe the habit of okwe oyibo.
Describe the habit of mlonge.
Describe the habit of mzunze.
Describe the habit of ewe-igbale.
Describe the habit of meelsakboom.
Describe the habit of Aleco (Konsogna).
Describe the habit of Shiferaw (Amargna).
Describe the habit of Kalan'gi (Hamer-Bena).
Describe the habit of black mulberry.
Describe the habit of murier noir.
Describe the habit of gelso.
Describe the habit of maulbeerbaum.
Describe the habit of amoreira preta.
Describe the habit of mora negra.
Describe the habit of velvet bean.
Describe the habit of banana stock pea.
Describe the habit of ojo de venado.
Describe the habit of mucuna negra.
Describe the habit of poroto aterciopelado (Arg.).
Describe the habit of frijol terciopelo (Mex.).
Describe the habit of haba de terciopelo (P.R.).
Describe the habit of pois a gratter.
Describe the habit of haricot veloute.
Describe the habit of pois mascate.
Describe the habit of dolique de Floride.
Describe the habit of alkusi.
Describe the habit of makhmali sem.
Describe the habit of kavach.
Describe the habit of kaunch.
Describe the habit of alkushi.
Describe the habit of atmagupta.
Describe the habit of dulagondi.
Describe the habit of punaikkali.
Describe the habit of nasugunni.
Describe the habit of cigu.
Describe the habit of kaocho.
Describe the habit of taingilotra.
Describe the habit of stizolobia.
Describe the habit of fluweelboontjie.
Describe the habit of Egyptian lotus.
Describe the habit of Egyptian bean.
Describe the habit of sacred lotus.
Describe the habit of lotus.
Describe the habit of sacred bean.
Describe the habit of water bean.
Describe the habit of Indian lotus.
Describe the habit of Hindu lotus.
Describe the habit of Chinese arrowroot.
Describe the habit of East Indian lotus.
Describe the habit of nelumbo.
Describe the habit of nelumbo rosa.
Describe the habit of loto indico.
Describe the habit of pulasan.
Describe the habit of Water dropwort.
Describe the habit of Chinese celery.
Describe the habit of piopo.
Describe the habit of pampoong.
Describe the habit of funcho da China.
Describe the habit of oca.
Describe the habit of sorrel.
Describe the habit of oxalis.
Describe the habit of truffette acide.
Describe the habit of knollen sauerklee.
Describe the habit of oqa.
Describe the habit of okka.
Describe the habit of okta (Quechua).
Describe the habit of apiha.
Describe the habit of apilla.
Describe the habit of kawi (Aymara).
Describe the habit of ibia (Colombia).
Describe the habit of ruba.
Describe the habit of timbo.
Describe the habit of quiba (Venezuela).
Describe the habit of papa roja.
Describe the habit of papa colorada (Mexico).
Describe the habit of huisisai.
Describe the habit of ibias (South America).
Describe the habit of kao.
Describe the habit of yam (NZ).
Describe the habit of Nonda plums.
Describe the habit of Engam.
Describe the habit of sweet granadilla.
Describe the habit of yellow passionfruit.
Describe the habit of sweet passion fruit.
Describe the habit of grenadille douce.
Describe the habit of granadilla.
Describe the habit of granadilla de China.
Describe the habit of granadita.
Describe the habit of parchita amarilla.
Describe the habit of parcha dulce.
Describe the habit of granadilla común.
Describe the habit of granaditta.
Describe the habit of Pistachio nut.
Describe the habit of green almond.
Describe the habit of pistache.
Describe the habit of pistachier.
Describe the habit of pistachio.
Describe the habit of pistacio.
Describe the habit of alfostico.
Describe the habit of alfostigueiro.
Describe the habit of Canistel.
Describe the habit of Egg fruit tree.
Describe the habit of almond.
Describe the habit of sweet almond.
Describe the habit of amandier.
Describe the habit of amendoeira.
Describe the habit of almendro.
Describe the habit of apricot.
Describe the habit of albicocca.
Describe the habit of Aprikose.
Describe the habit of abricot.
Describe the habit of alperceiro.
Describe the habit of damasqueiro.
Describe the habit of akamba (Bena).
Describe the habit of agamita (Konsogna).
Describe the habit of agam (Amargna).
Describe the habit of agamssa (Oromiffa).
Describe the habit of adishawel.
Describe the habit of olamuriaki.
Describe the habit of large num-num.
Describe the habit of big num-num.
Describe the habit of Natal plum.
Describe the habit of grootnoemnoem.
Describe the habit of Amatungulu.
Describe the habit of sureau.
Describe the habit of Holunder.
Describe the habit of schwarzer Holunder.
Describe the habit of hyldebær.
Describe the habit of sambuco.
Describe the habit of sabugueiro da Europa.
Describe the habit of rosa do bem fazer.
Describe the habit of Sambuci flos.
Describe the habit of Sambuci herba.
Describe the habit of Sambuci fructus.
Describe the habit of potherb fameflower.
Describe the habit of waterleaf.
Describe the habit of Surinam purslane.
Describe the habit of Ceylon spinach.
Describe the habit of sweetheart.
Describe the habit of grassé.
Describe the habit of poslen.
Describe the habit of krokot belanda.
Describe the habit of talina de Java.
Describe the habit of espinafre de Ceilao.
Describe the habit of kumu manus.
Describe the habit of talilong.
Describe the habit of galaghati.
Describe the habit of biala.
Describe the habit of som-kaoli.
Describe the habit of som-khon.
Describe the habit of som-chin.
Describe the habit of thoornhaan saam.
Describe the habit of cariru.
Describe the habit of lagos bologi.
Describe the habit of salsify.
Describe the habit of oyster plant.
Describe the habit of vegetable oyster.
Describe the habit of purple goat's-beard.
Describe the habit of cercefi roxo.
Describe the habit of barba de bode.
Describe the habit of mashua.
Describe the habit of anu.
Describe the habit of mashwa.
Describe the habit of mashua (Peru.
Describe the habit of Ecuador).
Describe the habit of isano (Peru.
Describe the habit of Bolivia).
Describe the habit of maswallo.
Describe the habit of mazuko.
Describe the habit of mascho.
Describe the habit of anyu (Peru).
Describe the habit of cubio.
Describe the habit of navies.
Describe the habit of nave (Colombia).
Describe the habit of afiu.
Describe the habit of apifiu.
Describe the habit of apifia mama.
Describe the habit of yanaoca (Quechua).
Describe the habit of isau.
Describe the habit of issanu.
Describe the habit of kkayacha (Aymara).
Describe the habit of puel (southern Colombia).
Describe the habit of isafio.
Describe the habit of isanu.
Describe the habit of apilla (Bolivia).
Describe the habit of ysafio (South America).
Describe the habit of yellow plum.
Describe the habit of sour plum.
Describe the habit of tallow wood.
Describe the habit of wild lime.
Describe the habit of wild olive.
Describe the habit of wild plum.
Describe the habit of mpingi.
Describe the habit of mtundakula.
Describe the habit of inkoy.
Describe the habit of huda (Galinya).
Describe the habit of maleta.
Describe the habit of mellau.
Describe the habit of aure-mudube.
Describe the habit of mandraut.
Describe the habit of mondruk.
Describe the habit of morod.
Describe the habit of amirgudud.
Describe the habit of enkoy.
Describe the habit of oda (Galinya.
Describe the habit of Kaffa).
Describe the habit of hastee (Gamo).
Describe the habit of bolahanica (Gamo).
Describe the habit of kutata (Konsogna).
Describe the habit of mulahua (Wolayetgna).
Describe the habit of kus (Hamer-Bena).
Describe the habit of Albaria.
Describe the habit of Alabaricoque.
Describe the habit of Albarillo.
Describe the habit of Cagalero.
Describe the habit of Caimito de monte.
Describe the habit of Chocomico.
Describe the habit of Espino de brujo.
Describe the habit of Guayabo del diablo.
Describe the habit of Jocomico.
Describe the habit of Limoncillo.
Describe the habit of Manzana guayaba.
Describe the habit of Manzanillo.
Describe the habit of Membrillo de monte.
Describe the habit of Pata.
Describe the habit of Pepenance.
Describe the habit of Tigrito.
Describe the habit of Tocote de monte.
Describe the habit of Yana.
Describe the habit of Ameixa.
Describe the habit of Ameixeria do campo.
Describe the habit of Espinha de maicha.
Describe the habit of Buol.
Describe the habit of False santalwood.
Describe the habit of Hog plum.
Describe the habit of Mountain plum.
Describe the habit of Seaside plum.
Describe the habit of Spanish plum.
Describe the habit of Tallowwood plum.
Describe the habit of Yellow sanders.
Describe the habit of Tallow nut.
Describe the habit of Monkey plum.
Describe the habit of Citron de la mer.
Describe the habit of citronnier de la mer.
Describe the habit of Heymassoliépineux.
Describe the habit of Macaby.
Describe the habit of Prune-épine.
Describe the habit of Prunier de mer.
Describe the habit of Prunier canaque.
Describe the habit of rhubarb.
Describe the habit of Rabarber.
Describe the habit of atemoya.
Describe the habit of custard apple.
Describe the habit of football fruit.
Describe the habit of pangi.
Describe the habit of sis.
Describe the habit of Kepayang.
Describe the habit of Silver beet.
Describe the habit of smooth loofah.
Describe the habit of loofa (Micronesia).
Describe the habit of sel lap (Pohnpei/Micronesia).
Describe the habit of patola.
Describe the habit of vegetable sponge.
Describe the habit of edible luffa.
Describe the habit of sponge gourd.
Describe the habit of chickpea.
Describe the habit of Bengal gram.
Describe the habit of pois chiche.
Describe the habit of cafe francais.
Describe the habit of gravancos.
Describe the habit of sigro.
Describe the habit of hanaz.
Describe the habit of djelbane.
Describe the habit of banana.
Describe the habit of bananier.
Describe the habit of pisang.
Describe the habit of saging.
Describe the habit of nget pyo thee.
Describe the habit of cheek ham' vaa.
Describe the habit of kwhyz.
Describe the habit of kluai.
Describe the habit of chuoi.
Describe the habit of muz.
Describe the habit of giant taro.
Describe the habit of paragum.
Describe the habit of cunjevoi.
Describe the habit of cunjevoi lily.
Describe the habit of mottled giant alocasia.
Describe the habit of baru.
Describe the habit of ta'amu (Samoa).
Describe the habit of ape (Cook I.
Describe the habit of French Polynesia).
Describe the habit of babai (Kiribati).
Describe the habit of kape (Niue.
Describe the habit of Tonga).
Describe the habit of pulaka (Tuvalu).
Describe the habit of via mila.
Describe the habit of via sori.
Describe the habit of viagaga.
Describe the habit of viadranu.
Describe the habit of viadidi.
Describe the habit of alocasia gigante.
Describe the habit of orange mangrove.
Describe the habit of mapeki.
Describe the habit of pertut.
Describe the habit of taheup.
Describe the habit of tenggel.
Describe the habit of putut.
Describe the habit of tumu.
Describe the habit of tomo.
Describe the habit of kandeka.
Describe the habit of tanjang.
Describe the habit of lindur.
Describe the habit of sala-sala.
Describe the habit of dau.
Describe the habit of tongke.
Describe the habit of mangrove.
Describe the habit of mangrove.
Describe the habit of quinoa.
Describe the habit of quinua.
Describe the habit of kiuna.
Describe the habit of jiura.
Describe the habit of quinhua.
Describe the habit of suba.
Describe the habit of safflower.
Describe the habit of cartamo.
Describe the habit of alazor.
Describe the habit of carthame.
Describe the habit of honghua.
Describe the habit of osfor.
Describe the habit of podsolnuh.
Describe the habit of kusum.
Describe the habit of kusumba.
Describe the habit of kusumbha.
Describe the habit of suff.
Describe the habit of aspir.
Describe the habit of golbar aftab.
Describe the habit of muswar.
Describe the habit of benibana.
Describe the habit of cartama.
Describe the habit of Saflor.
Describe the habit of Carthami flos.
Describe the habit of Carthami semen.
Describe the habit of Oleum carthami.
Describe the habit of false saffron.
Describe the habit of bastard saffron.
Describe the habit of American saffron.
Describe the habit of dyer's thistle.
Describe the habit of dyer's saffron.
Describe the habit of saffron thistle.
Describe the habit of hong hua.
Describe the habit of tepary bean.
Describe the habit of bean - tepary.
Describe the habit of moth bean.
Describe the habit of mat bean.
Describe the habit of Turkish gram.
Describe the habit of haricot papillon.
Describe the habit of moot.
Describe the habit of aconite leaved bean.
Describe the habit of dew bean.
Describe the habit of gram.
Describe the habit of kidney bean.
Describe the habit of Kumkumapesalu.
Describe the habit of math.
Describe the habit of matki.
Describe the habit of phillipesara.
Describe the habit of tulkayrai.
Describe the habit of meth-kalai.
Describe the habit of minimulu.
Describe the habit of kallupayaru.
Describe the habit of naripayaru.
Describe the habit of pani payeru.
Describe the habit of kheri.
Describe the habit of matpe.
Describe the habit of mittikelu.
Describe the habit of melon shrub.
Describe the habit of sweet cucumber.
Describe the habit of pear melon.
Describe the habit of pepino.
Describe the habit of melon-poire.
Describe the habit of poire-melo.
Describe the habit of cahum.
Describe the habit of pepino dulce.
Describe the habit of mataserrano.
Describe the habit of peramelon.
Describe the habit of xachum.
Describe the habit of kachuma.
Describe the habit of Mulga.
Describe the habit of Yarran.
Describe the habit of Umbrella mulga.
Describe the habit of Turpentine Mulga.
Describe the habit of Witchety bush.
Describe the habit of Cork bark wattle.
Describe the habit of Dogwood.
Describe the habit of Wirewood.
Describe the habit of Desert Oak.
Describe the habit of Wiry wattle.
Describe the habit of Hall’s Creek wattle.
Describe the habit of Kuteera-Gum.
Describe the habit of Kikar.
Describe the habit of gum arabic.
Describe the habit of gum acacia.
Describe the habit of kumut.
Describe the habit of Sudan gum arabic.
Describe the habit of three-thorned acacia.
Describe the habit of Turkey gum.
Describe the habit of cape gum.
Describe the habit of acacia du senegal.
Describe the habit of gommier.
Describe the habit of Arabicumbaum.
Describe the habit of Gummibaum.
Describe the habit of alloba.
Describe the habit of asharat.
Describe the habit of hashab.
Describe the habit of debehi.
Describe the habit of dakwara.
Describe the habit of kikwata.
Describe the habit of goma arábica.
Describe the habit of umKhala.
Describe the habit of River cooba.
Describe the habit of Eumong.
Describe the habit of Native Willow.
Describe the habit of Bramble wattle.
Describe the habit of Gundabluey.
Describe the habit of Elegant wattle.
Describe the habit of pineapple guava.
Describe the habit of feijoo.
Describe the habit of féijoa.
Describe the habit of guayaba.
Describe the habit of guayabo del país.
Describe the habit of guayaba chilena.
Describe the habit of guayaba del país.
Describe the habit of guayaba sumina.
Describe the habit of goiaba-feijoa.
Describe the habit of goiaba serrana.
Describe the habit of goiabeira serrana.
Describe the habit of araçá do Rio Grande.
Describe the habit of goiaba do campo.
Describe the habit of goiaba silvestre.
Describe the habit of Brasilianische guave.
Describe the habit of macauba palm.
Describe the habit of macauba.
Describe the habit of macaw palm.
Describe the habit of macaya oil.
Describe the habit of groo groo.
Describe the habit of grugru palm.
Describe the habit of corosse.
Describe the habit of mbocayá.
Describe the habit of totaí.
Describe the habit of cobrush.
Describe the habit of tamaco.
Describe the habit of coyol.
Describe the habit of coco baboso.
Describe the habit of coco de catarro.
Describe the habit of coquito.
Describe the habit of bocaiuva.
Describe the habit of mocayá.
Describe the habit of corozo.
Describe the habit of catey.
Describe the habit of cayara.
Describe the habit of cayiete.
Describe the habit of ocori.
Describe the habit of palma de vino.
Describe the habit of gru-gru.
Describe the habit of mucajá.
Describe the habit of grou grou.
Describe the habit of total.
Describe the habit of palma de vino.
Describe the habit of mocaya.
Describe the habit of cayiete.
Describe the habit of ocori.
Describe the habit of gru gru.
Describe the habit of grau.
Describe the habit of mukalla.
Describe the habit of uba.
Describe the habit of mujuca.
Describe the habit of noz de Paraguai.
Describe the habit of hardy kiwi.
Describe the habit of bower vine.
Describe the habit of dessert kiwi.
Describe the habit of cocktail kiwi.
Describe the habit of tara vine.
Describe the habit of yang-tao.
Describe the habit of African baobab.
Describe the habit of baobab.
Describe the habit of dead-rat tree.
Describe the habit of bottle tree.
Describe the habit of monkey-bread tree.
Describe the habit of kremetart.
Describe the habit of mowana.
Describe the habit of moana.
Describe the habit of toeega.
Describe the habit of Affenbrotbaum.
Describe the habit of seboi.
Describe the habit of ximuwu.
Describe the habit of muvhuyu.
Describe the habit of baobab.
Describe the habit of monkey bread tree.
Describe the habit of fony.
Describe the habit of bael.
Describe the habit of bel fruit.
Describe the habit of bel tree.
Describe the habit of bel Indien.
Describe the habit of maja.
Describe the habit of maja batu.
Describe the habit of bilak.
Describe the habit of bila.
Describe the habit of opesheet.
Describe the habit of okshit.
Describe the habit of bnau.
Describe the habit of toum.
Describe the habit of matum.
Describe the habit of tum.
Describe the habit of ma pin.
Describe the habit of tnái mam.
Describe the habit of horse-chestnut.
Describe the habit of horse chestnut.
Describe the habit of conkers.
Describe the habit of ippocastano.
Describe the habit of marron d'Inde.
Describe the habit of marronnier d'Inde.
Describe the habit of castanheiro da India.
Describe the habit of castaña de Indias.
Describe the habit of Rosskastanie.
Describe the habit of Roß-Kastanie.
Describe the habit of Hippocastani semen.
Describe the habit of Hippocastani cortex.
Describe the habit of Hippocastani folium.
Describe the habit of Hippocastani flos.
Describe the habit of Guinea grains.
Describe the habit of grains of Paradise.
Describe the habit of alligator pepper.
Describe the habit of melagueta pepper.
Describe the habit of malagueta.
Describe the habit of semente do Paraiso.
Describe the habit of mahogany bean.
Describe the habit of mubapi.
Describe the habit of chanfuta.
Describe the habit of chamfuti.
Describe the habit of pod mahogany.
Describe the habit of lucky bean tree.
Describe the habit of afzelia.
Describe the habit of peulmahonie.
Describe the habit of iNkehli.
Describe the habit of umDlavusa.
Describe the habit of umHlakuva.
Describe the habit of iNkele.
Describe the habit of umShamfuthi.
Describe the habit of mhkholikholi.
Describe the habit of umKholikholi.
Describe the habit of mkumbakusi.
Describe the habit of nxenhe.
Describe the habit of mutokota.
Describe the habit of Mbamba-Kofi.
Describe the habit of couch grass.
Describe the habit of quark grass.
Describe the habit of Graminis rhizoma.
Describe the habit of lady's mantle.
Describe the habit of garlic mustard.
Describe the habit of jack by the hedge.
Describe the habit of onion.
Describe the habit of cong.
Describe the habit of rakkyo.
Describe the habit of perennial Chinese onio.
Describe the habit of tsyu-tsai.
Describe the habit of chiao t'ou.
Describe the habit of alho chines.
Describe the habit of galangal.
Describe the habit of Java galangal.
Describe the habit of kholanjan.
Describe the habit of katauk karohini.
Describe the habit of kha.
Describe the habit of kha luang.
Describe the habit of kha ta daeng.
Describe the habit of kha yuak.
Describe the habit of kalijan.
Describe the habit of khulanjan.
Describe the habit of lenguas.
Describe the habit of hâu khá.
Describe the habit of rièng.
Describe the habit of rièng ãm.
Describe the habit of rièng nép.
Describe the habit of seh ae khoei.
Describe the habit of sa-e choei.
Describe the habit of smooth pigweed.
Describe the habit of slender amaranth.
Describe the habit of quintonil (Mex).
Describe the habit of umfino.
Describe the habit of gewone misbridie.
Describe the habit of xian.
Describe the habit of phak khom.
Describe the habit of bayam.
Describe the habit of tete (Nir).
Describe the habit of urai (Phil).
Describe the habit of prince's feather.
Describe the habit of saskatoon.
Describe the habit of saskatoon serviceberry.
Describe the habit of juneberry.
Describe the habit of mountain juneberry.
Describe the habit of Rocky Mountain blueberry.
Describe the habit of sgan gam (Gitxsan).
Describe the habit of hlighag' (Wet'suwet').
Describe the habit of angelica.
Describe the habit of garden angelica.
Describe the habit of archangel.
Describe the habit of aunt Jericho.
Describe the habit of plante angelique.
Describe the habit of Angelikapflanze.
Describe the habit of European angelica.
Describe the habit of arcangelica.
Describe the habit of raiz do Espirito Santo.
Describe the habit of Angelicae radix.
Describe the habit of Angelicae folium.
Describe the habit of Angelicae fructus.
Describe the habit of Aetheroleum angelicae.
Describe the habit of wild angelica.
Describe the habit of woodland angelica.
Describe the habit of angelica silvestre.
Describe the habit of angelica brava.
Describe the habit of mountain soursop.
Describe the habit of wild soursop.
Describe the habit of guanábana cimarrona.
Describe the habit of guanábana.
Describe the habit of guanábana de monte.
Describe the habit of guanábana de perro.
Describe the habit of guanábana de loma.
Describe the habit of taragus.
Describe the habit of turagua.
Describe the habit of araticum.
Describe the habit of araticum açú.
Describe the habit of araticum apé.
Describe the habit of corossolier bâtard.
Describe the habit of corossol zombie.
Describe the habit of boszuurzak.
Describe the habit of araticum-ponhe.
Describe the habit of araticum de paca.
Describe the habit of poshte.
Describe the habit of chirimoya.
Describe the habit of anona del monte.
Describe the habit of cawesh.
Describe the habit of cahuex.
Describe the habit of wild custard apple.
Describe the habit of wild soursop.
Describe the habit of annone.
Describe the habit of pomme cannelle du senegal.
Describe the habit of jumbukungo.
Describe the habit of sinkungo.
Describe the habit of mchekwa.
Describe the habit of mkonokono.
Describe the habit of mtomoko.
Describe the habit of mutopetope.
Describe the habit of wilde suikerappel.
Describe the habit of apios.
Describe the habit of groundnut.
Describe the habit of wild bean.
Describe the habit of bog potato.
Describe the habit of wild potato.
Describe the habit of Virginia potato.
Describe the habit of Indian potato.
Describe the habit of potato bean.
Describe the habit of celeriac.
Describe the habit of turnip rooted celery.
Describe the habit of knob celery.
Describe the habit of céleri-rave.
Describe the habit of knolselder.
Describe the habit of wurzelsellerie.
Describe the habit of knollensellerie.
Describe the habit of knolselderij.
Describe the habit of bleekselder.
Describe the habit of maní forrajero.
Describe the habit of strawberry tree.
Describe the habit of arbute tree.
Describe the habit of arbutus.
Describe the habit of Irish strawberry.
Describe the habit of apple of Cain.
Describe the habit of Irish caithne.
Describe the habit of arbousier.
Describe the habit of albatro.
Describe the habit of medronheiro.
Describe the habit of ervedeiro.
Describe the habit of medronho.
Describe the habit of ervodo.
Describe the habit of arbuto.
Describe the habit of madrono.
Describe the habit of suglair.
Describe the habit of great burdock.
Describe the habit of burdock.
Describe the habit of Japanese godo.
Describe the habit of Bardanae radix.
Describe the habit of Bardanae folium.
Describe the habit of sugar palm.
Describe the habit of black sugar palm.
Describe the habit of palm de sucre.
Describe the habit of gemuti palm.
Describe the habit of argan.
Describe the habit of arga.
Describe the habit of argaria.
Describe the habit of arganier.
Describe the habit of arjardin.
Describe the habit of iron wood.
Describe the habit of Moroccon iron-wood tree.
Describe the habit of Eisenholzbaum.
Describe the habit of horseradish.
Describe the habit of horse radish.
Describe the habit of red cole.
Describe the habit of rabano picante.
Describe the habit of meerrettich.
Describe the habit of raifort.
Describe the habit of pepparrot.
Describe the habit of pepper rod.
Describe the habit of mierikwortel.
Describe the habit of rafano.
Describe the habit of rabano-picante.
Describe the habit of khren.
Describe the habit of wasabi.
Describe the habit of lagen.
Describe the habit of fujl har.
Describe the habit of arracacha.
Describe the habit of white carrot.
Describe the habit of Peruvian parsnip.
Describe the habit of paneme.
Describe the habit of pomme de terre-celeri.
Describe the habit of racacha.
Describe the habit of zanhoria blanca.
Describe the habit of apio criollo.
Describe the habit of sonarca.
Describe the habit of batata barao.
Describe the habit of mandioquinha.
Describe the habit of batata salsa.
Describe the habit of batata cenoura.
Describe the habit of lakachu.
Describe the habit of lekachu.
Describe the habit of oqqe.
Describe the habit of huiasampilla.
Describe the habit of laqachu.
Describe the habit of raqacha.
Describe the habit of virraca.
Describe the habit of rikacha.
Describe the habit of breadfruit.
Describe the habit of arbre à pain.
Describe the habit of fruit a pain.
Describe the habit of chataignier.
Describe the habit of fruta de pan.
Describe the habit of arbor de pan.
Describe the habit of arbor del pan.
Describe the habit of pan de pobre.
Describe the habit of pan de ano.
Describe the habit of pan de todo el ano.
Describe the habit of pan de palo.
Describe the habit of pan de name.
Describe the habit of topan.
Describe the habit of tupan.
Describe the habit of mazapan.
Describe the habit of castana.
Describe the habit of marure.
Describe the habit of castano de Malabar.
Describe the habit of panapen.
Describe the habit of pana de pepitas.
Describe the habit of sukun.
Describe the habit of kelur.
Describe the habit of timbul.
Describe the habit of fruta pao.
Describe the habit of pao de massa.
Describe the habit of broodvrucht.
Describe the habit of broodboom.
Describe the habit of suku.
Describe the habit of kulur.
Describe the habit of kelor.
Describe the habit of kulor.
Describe the habit of sa-ke.
Describe the habit of ulu.
Describe the habit of kula.
Describe the habit of uto.
Describe the habit of uto-sore.
Describe the habit of kapiak.
Describe the habit of rimas.
Describe the habit of kamansi.
Describe the habit of sakéé.
Describe the habit of khnaôr sâmloo.
Describe the habit of khanun-sampalor.
Describe the habit of sakê.
Describe the habit of chempedak.
Describe the habit of campedak.
Describe the habit of jak.
Describe the habit of baroh.
Describe the habit of bankong.
Describe the habit of sonekadat.
Describe the habit of champada.
Describe the habit of adquiere.
Describe the habit of awarra.
Describe the habit of fiber palm.
Describe the habit of tucum.
Describe the habit of tucuma.
Describe the habit of hericungo.
Describe the habit of cumare.
Describe the habit of güere.
Describe the habit of acuarra.
Describe the habit of chambira.
Describe the habit of cumari.
Describe the habit of tucumai.
Describe the habit of tucum bravo.
Describe the habit of tucumã do Pará.
Describe the habit of palmier tucuman.
Describe the habit of aouara.
Describe the habit of cohune palm.
Describe the habit of rain tree.
Describe the habit of American oil palm.
Describe the habit of cohune.
Describe the habit of corozo.
Describe the habit of manaca.
Describe the habit of Algerian oat.
Describe the habit of red oat.
Describe the habit of Mediterranean oat.
Describe the habit of avena amarilla.
Describe the habit of mangrove.
Describe the habit of mangrove.
Describe the habit of grey mangrove.
Describe the habit of snotappel.
Describe the habit of African chewing gum.
Describe the habit of snot apple.
Describe the habit of rambai.
Describe the habit of menteng.
Describe the habit of lutqua.
Describe the habit of desert date.
Describe the habit of bito tree.
Describe the habit of heglig.
Describe the habit of balanita.
Describe the habit of lolab tree.
Describe the habit of loba.
Describe the habit of shashoba.
Describe the habit of tau.
Describe the habit of saronga.
Describe the habit of q-og-g-ogat.
Describe the habit of hankalta (Konsogna).
Describe the habit of baddanno (Oromiffaa).
Describe the habit of badana (Amargna).
Describe the habit of guasa (Amargna).
Describe the habit of kullan.
Describe the habit of archnu (Lybia).
Describe the habit of merwa tree.
Describe the habit of thorny bamboo.
Describe the habit of spiny bamboo.
Describe the habit of male bamboo.
Describe the habit of bambu' estreito.
Describe the habit of bamboo.
Describe the habit of spiny bamboo.
Describe the habit of thorny bamboo.
Describe the habit of slough grass.
Describe the habit of American slough grass.
Describe the habit of American sloughgrass.
Describe the habit of daisy.
Describe the habit of English daisy.
Describe the habit of true daisy.
Describe the habit of lawn daisy.
Describe the habit of gowan.
Describe the habit of marguerite.
Describe the habit of gänseblümchen.
Describe the habit of bellis.
Describe the habit of pytter.
Describe the habit of tusenfryd.
Describe the habit of tusindfryd.
Describe the habit of kaunokainen.
Describe the habit of bonina.
Describe the habit of malmequer.
Describe the habit of margarida dos prados.
Describe the habit of margarida rasteira.
Describe the habit of margaridinha.
Describe the habit of bela margarida.
Describe the habit of mae de familia.
Describe the habit of margarita.
Describe the habit of barberry.
Describe the habit of European barberry.
Describe the habit of common barberry.
Describe the habit of jaundice berry.
Describe the habit of piprage.
Describe the habit of uva-espim.
Describe the habit of berberis.
Describe the habit of surtorn.
Describe the habit of vanlig berberis.
Describe the habit of berberiss.
Describe the habit of almindelig berberis.
Describe the habit of ruostehappomarja.
Describe the habit of gewöhnliche Berberitze.
Describe the habit of Berberidis fructus.
Describe the habit of Brazil nut.
Describe the habit of para nut.
Describe the habit of noyer du Brésil.
Describe the habit of la noix du Brésil.
Describe the habit of el coquito del Brasil.
Describe the habit of castanha do Para.
Describe the habit of castanha do Brasil.
Describe the habit of castanheiro do para.
Describe the habit of die paranüsse.
Describe the habit of la noce del Brasile.
Describe the habit of white birch.
Describe the habit of bouleau.
Describe the habit of betulla.
Describe the habit of abedul.
Describe the habit of silver birch.
Describe the habit of warty birch.
Describe the habit of weeping birch.
Describe the habit of Irish beith.
Describe the habit of beith.
Describe the habit of European white birch.
Describe the habit of European silver birch.
Describe the habit of Birke.
Describe the habit of Hängebirke.
Describe the habit of Harzbirke.
Describe the habit of Rauhbirke.
Describe the habit of Sandbirke.
Describe the habit of Weissbirke.
Describe the habit of betula.
Describe the habit of betula branca.
Describe the habit of vidoeiro.
Describe the habit of vidoeiro branco.
Describe the habit of Folia Betulae.
Describe the habit of Cortex Betulae.
Describe the habit of Betulae Cortex.
Describe the habit of downy birch.
Describe the habit of Irish beith.
Describe the habit of brown birch.
Describe the habit of bedulo.
Describe the habit of Cortex Betulae.
Describe the habit of borage.
Describe the habit of borag.
Describe the habit of stofférblomma.
Describe the habit of agurkurt.
Describe the habit of hjulkrone.
Describe the habit of purasruoho.
Describe the habit of borretsch.
Describe the habit of Boraginis semen.
Describe the habit of Boraginis herba.
Describe the habit of Oleum Boraginis.
Describe the habit of palmyra palm.
Describe the habit of toddy palm.
Describe the habit of African fan palm.
Describe the habit of palmira.
Describe the habit of tal.
Describe the habit of tar.
Describe the habit of tad.
Describe the habit of tamar.
Describe the habit of tadi.
Describe the habit of panam.
Describe the habit of panai.
Describe the habit of tan.
Describe the habit of Borojó.
Describe the habit of browntop millet.
Describe the habit of Abyssinian mustard.
Describe the habit of Ethiopian mustard.
Describe the habit of gomenzer.
Describe the habit of Sukuma wiki (Kiswahili).
Describe the habit of Figiri (East Africa).
Describe the habit of Loshuu (Tanzania).
Describe the habit of Abyssinian cabbage (former USSR).
Describe the habit of Tamu-Texsel (Texas).
Describe the habit of Ethiopian rapeseed (Europe.
Describe the habit of trade mark name).
Describe the habit of swede.
Describe the habit of rutubaga.
Describe the habit of thousand head kale.
Describe the habit of thousand-head kale.
Describe the habit of marrowstem kale.
Describe the habit of marrow-stem kale.
Describe the habit of smooth kale.
Describe the habit of curly kale.
Describe the habit of tree kale.
Describe the habit of ornamental cabbage.
Describe the habit of fringed cabbage.
Describe the habit of kale.
Describe the habit of chou moulier.
Describe the habit of Sukuma wiki.
Describe the habit of spumaweki.
Describe the habit of Pak Choi.
Describe the habit of mitserie.
Describe the habit of bridelia.
Describe the habit of ogaofia.
Describe the habit of mkarati.
Describe the habit of mtutu.
Describe the habit of mwiza.
Describe the habit of asha.
Describe the habit of ida odan.
Describe the habit of flowering rush.
Describe the habit of grassy rush.
Describe the habit of water gladiolus.
Describe the habit of junco florido.
Describe the habit of butomo.
Describe the habit of brudelys.
Describe the habit of sarjarimpi.
Describe the habit of schwanenblume.
Describe the habit of box.
Describe the habit of boxwood.
Describe the habit of American box.
Describe the habit of English boxwood.
Describe the habit of Turkish boxwood.
Describe the habit of buis.
Describe the habit of bosso.
Describe the habit of buxo.
Describe the habit of buxo vulgar.
Describe the habit of boj.
Describe the habit of Guinea arrowroot.
Describe the habit of sweet corn root.
Describe the habit of touple nambours.
Describe the habit of alléluia.
Describe the habit of curcuma d'Amérique.
Describe the habit of dale dale.
Describe the habit of agua bendita.
Describe the habit of cocurito.
Describe the habit of lerenes.
Describe the habit of topitambo.
Describe the habit of tambu.
Describe the habit of topinambur.
Describe the habit of topeetampo.
Describe the habit of topi-tamboo.
Describe the habit of topinambour.
Describe the habit of ariá.
Describe the habit of láirem.
Describe the habit of marsh marigold.
Describe the habit of king cup.
Describe the habit of kabbeleka.
Describe the habit of kalvleka.
Describe the habit of vanlig kabbleka.
Describe the habit of soleihov.
Describe the habit of eng-kabbeleje.
Describe the habit of rentukka.
Describe the habit of hófsóley.
Describe the habit of sumpfdotterblume.
Describe the habit of pilinut.
Describe the habit of pili.
Describe the habit of Injet (Amargna).
Describe the habit of Maluza (Amargna).
Describe the habit of Yomonoxe (Amargna).
Describe the habit of caper.
Describe the habit of caper bush.
Describe the habit of caper berry.
Describe the habit of câpres.
Describe the habit of fabagelle.
Describe the habit of tapana.
Describe the habit of câprier commun.
Describe the habit of câprier épineux.
Describe the habit of câprier.
Describe the habit of alcaparra.
Describe the habit of caparra.
Describe the habit of alcaparrón.
Describe the habit of akbaar.
Describe the habit of kabbar.
Describe the habit of achalfah.
Describe the habit of assaf.
Describe the habit of asef.
Describe the habit of ward al jabal.
Describe the habit of shafallah.
Describe the habit of lasaf.
Describe the habit of terloulout.
Describe the habit of taybult.
Describe the habit of amserlih.
Describe the habit of tsailih.
Describe the habit of tsailaoul.
Describe the habit of ouai lonlou.
Describe the habit of belachem.
Describe the habit of lussef.
Describe the habit of alcaparras.
Describe the habit of cappero.
Describe the habit of cappero dei muri.
Describe the habit of cappero spinoso.
Describe the habit of capperone.
Describe the habit of Kapernstrauch.
Describe the habit of Kaper.
Describe the habit of echter Kapernstrauch.
Describe the habit of kappara.
Describe the habit of kappers.
Describe the habit of kappertjes.
Describe the habit of kapricserje.
Describe the habit of kaporna.
Describe the habit of kapribogyó.
Describe the habit of kebere.
Describe the habit of keber fidani.
Describe the habit of gebere.
Describe the habit of gebre otu.
Describe the habit of kapari.
Describe the habit of kapris.
Describe the habit of káppari.
Describe the habit of kapers.
Describe the habit of kapersy.
Describe the habit of torkav.
Describe the habit of kappar.
Describe the habit of kaporo.
Describe the habit of tzalaf.
Describe the habit of kiari.
Describe the habit of kobra.
Describe the habit of kabra.
Describe the habit of mullukattari.
Describe the habit of melada.
Describe the habit of kabarra.
Describe the habit of himsra.
Describe the habit of kokilakshmu.
Describe the habit of kabar.
Describe the habit of mruko.
Describe the habit of mchezo.
Describe the habit of gomor.
Describe the habit of gemaro.
Describe the habit of andal.
Describe the habit of wollerige kapperbos.
Describe the habit of woolly caper-bush.
Describe the habit of khawa.
Describe the habit of mountain papaw.
Describe the habit of mountain papaya.
Describe the habit of papayuela.
Describe the habit of chilhuacán.
Describe the habit of chiglacón.
Describe the habit of chamburu.
Describe the habit of huanarpu.
Describe the habit of hembra.
Describe the habit of papaya de monte.
Describe the habit of papaya arequipeña.
Describe the habit of papaya de altura.
Describe the habit of gedang memedi.
Describe the habit of huanarpu hembra.
Describe the habit of papata de monte.
Describe the habit of malva moscada.
Describe the habit of malva moscata.
Describe the habit of sapodilla.
Describe the habit of sapodilla plum.
Describe the habit of chicozapote.
Describe the habit of chiku.
Describe the habit of naseberry.
Describe the habit of umThungulu.
Describe the habit of caraway.
Describe the habit of caraway seed.
Describe the habit of cumin.
Describe the habit of carvi.
Describe the habit of Kümmel.
Describe the habit of alcaravea.
Describe the habit of kummin.
Describe the habit of karauya.
Describe the habit of karwij.
Describe the habit of alcaravia.
Describe the habit of tmin.
Describe the habit of yuan-sui.
Describe the habit of karve.
Describe the habit of kommen.
Describe the habit of kumina.
Describe the habit of kúmen.
Describe the habit of Wiesenkümmel.
Describe the habit of Carvi fructus.
Describe the habit of Aetheroleum carvi.
Describe the habit of barinas nut.
Describe the habit of inchi.
Describe the habit of Japanese chestnut.
Describe the habit of chataignier du Japon.
Describe the habit of castanheiro do Japao.
Describe the habit of American chestnut.
Describe the habit of prickly bur.
Describe the habit of chataignier de l'Amerique.
Describe the habit of castanheiro da America.
Describe the habit of Chinese chestnut.
Describe the habit of chataignier de Chine.
Describe the habit of castanheiro da China.
Describe the habit of chinquapin.
Describe the habit of dwarf chestnut.
Describe the habit of Alleghany chestnut.
Describe the habit of castanheiro anao.
Describe the habit of bachelor's-button.
Describe the habit of garden cornflower.
Describe the habit of blue bottle.
Describe the habit of bottle flower.
Describe the habit of cyani flower.
Describe the habit of cornflower.
Describe the habit of ragged sailor.
Describe the habit of fiordaliso.
Describe the habit of bleuet.
Describe the habit of bluet.
Describe the habit of barbeau.
Describe the habit of kornblume.
Describe the habit of kornblom.
Describe the habit of kornblomst.
Describe the habit of ruiskaunokki.
Describe the habit of akurpr‡›i.
Describe the habit of loios.
Describe the habit of loios dos jardins.
Describe the habit of escovinha.
Describe the habit of erva escovinha.
Describe the habit of fidalguinhos.
Describe the habit of aciano.
Describe the habit of blåklint.
Describe the habit of ipecac.
Describe the habit of carob tree.
Describe the habit of carob bean tree.
Describe the habit of carrubo.
Describe the habit of Johannisbrotbaum.
Describe the habit of Johannesbrotwachs.
Describe the habit of carrubio.
Describe the habit of algarrobo.
Describe the habit of alfarrobeira.
Describe the habit of Johannesbroodboom.
Describe the habit of mangrove.
Describe the habit of pacaya palm.
Describe the habit of tepejilote palm.
Describe the habit of palmito dulce.
Describe the habit of pacaya.
Describe the habit of caña verde.
Describe the habit of goosefoot.
Describe the habit of misbredie.
Describe the habit of withondebossie.
Describe the habit of goosefoot.
Describe the habit of good King Henry.
Describe the habit of lungrot.
Describe the habit of lungmålla.
Describe the habit of stolt Henrik.
Describe the habit of stolthenriks-gåsefod.
Describe the habit of hyvänheikinsavikka.
Describe the habit of guter Heinrich.
Describe the habit of canihua.
Describe the habit of qaniwa.
Describe the habit of canahua.
Describe the habit of amole.
Describe the habit of soap plant.
Describe the habit of soap bulb.
Describe the habit of soap apple.
Describe the habit of California soap root.
Describe the habit of ox eye daisy.
Describe the habit of marguerite.
Describe the habit of prästkrage.
Describe the habit of kragblomma.
Describe the habit of vanlig prästkrage.
Describe the habit of prestekrage.
Describe the habit of hvid okseøje.
Describe the habit of päivänkakkara.
Describe the habit of prestafífill.
Describe the habit of gewöhnliche wucherblume.
Describe the habit of Wiesen-Margerite.
Describe the habit of star apple.
Describe the habit of mululu.
Describe the habit of nkalate.
Describe the habit of calamondin.
Describe the habit of China orange.
Describe the habit of golden time.
Describe the habit of jeruk peres.
Describe the habit of jeruk kasturi.
Describe the habit of jeruk potong.
Describe the habit of limau kesturi.
Describe the habit of limau chuit.
Describe the habit of kalamondin.
Describe the habit of kalamansi.
Describe the habit of limonsito.
Describe the habit of sommapit.
Describe the habit of somchit.
Describe the habit of manao-wan.
Describe the habit of colocynth.
Describe the habit of vine of Sodom.
Describe the habit of wild-gourd.
Describe the habit of egusi.
Describe the habit of bitter cucumber.
Describe the habit of bitter gourd.
Describe the habit of bitter apple.
Describe the habit of wild watermelon.
Describe the habit of colocinto.
Describe the habit of coloquintida.
Describe the habit of pepino amargo.
Describe the habit of Koloquint.
Describe the habit of Tahiti lime.
Describe the habit of Persian lime.
Describe the habit of bearss lime.
Describe the habit of Persische Limette.
Describe the habit of Tahitilimette.
Describe the habit of lima da Persia.
Describe the habit of calamondin.
Describe the habit of calamansi.
Describe the habit of Panama orange.
Describe the habit of musk lime.
Describe the habit of lima moscada.
Describe the habit of limoeiro do Japao.
Describe the habit of Satsuma mandarin.
Describe the habit of wampee.
Describe the habit of vampi.
Describe the habit of wampi.
Describe the habit of wang-pei.
Describe the habit of huampit.
Describe the habit of wampoi.
Describe the habit of kantrop.
Describe the habit of sômz maf'ai.
Describe the habit of mafai-chin.
Describe the habit of sommafai.
Describe the habit of hoàng bì.
Describe the habit of giôi.
Describe the habit of chaya.
Describe the habit of tree spinach.
Describe the habit of chaya col.
Describe the habit of kikilchay.
Describe the habit of chaykeken.
Describe the habit of abata kola.
Describe the habit of evbe.
Describe the habit of ibong.
Describe the habit of oji-awusa.
Describe the habit of obi abata.
Describe the habit of mopane.
Describe the habit of bdellium.
Describe the habit of African myrrh.
Describe the habit of hairy corkwood.
Describe the habit of bdelio.
Describe the habit of angka.
Describe the habit of gafal.
Describe the habit of mbambara.
Describe the habit of mturituri.
Describe the habit of yeheb nut.
Describe the habit of ehb.
Describe the habit of qud.
Describe the habit of quda.
Describe the habit of wanza.
Describe the habit of mecarto.
Describe the habit of mederto.
Describe the habit of auchi.
Describe the habit of wodessa (Galinya).
Describe the habit of uaddichio.
Describe the habit of mokota (Wollamo).
Describe the habit of otayita (Konsogna).
Describe the habit of wanza (Amhargna).
Describe the habit of waddessa (Oromiffa).
Describe the habit of Canadian dwarf cornel.
Describe the habit of pudding-berry.
Describe the habit of bunchberry.
Describe the habit of bunchberry dogwood.
Describe the habit of dwarf dogwood.
Describe the habit of Canadian bunchberry.
Describe the habit of dogwood bunchberry.
Describe the habit of creeping dogwood.
Describe the habit of corniso anao do Canada'.
Describe the habit of cornelian cherry.
Describe the habit of cornel.
Describe the habit of corniolo.
Describe the habit of Kornelkirsche.
Describe the habit of Dirlitze.
Describe the habit of African walnut.
Describe the habit of sea kale.
Describe the habit of single-seed hawthorn.
Describe the habit of quickthorn.
Describe the habit of bread-and-cheese.
Describe the habit of aubepine.
Describe the habit of eingriffeliger Weißdorn.
Describe the habit of biancospino.
Describe the habit of trubbhagtorn.
Describe the habit of vanleg hagtorn.
Describe the habit of engriflet hvidtjørn.
Describe the habit of espinheiro alvar.
Describe the habit of pilriteiro.
Describe the habit of corniolo.
Describe the habit of escalheiro.
Describe the habit of tylppäliuskaorapihlaja.
Describe the habit of Crataegi summitas.
Describe the habit of Crataegi fructus.
Describe the habit of rock samphire.
Describe the habit of mitsuba.
Describe the habit of Japanese honeworts.
Describe the habit of Japanese parsley.
Describe the habit of gherkin.
Describe the habit of maxixe.
Describe the habit of fig leaf squash.
Describe the habit of Malabar gourd.
Describe the habit of cidre.
Describe the habit of sidra.
Describe the habit of lacoyote.
Describe the habit of cushaw.
Describe the habit of calabaza.
Describe the habit of calabaza pinta.
Describe the habit of fig-leaved gourd.
Describe the habit of buffalo gourd.
Describe the habit of calabazilla.
Describe the habit of Missouri gourd.
Describe the habit of stinking gourd.
Describe the habit of fetid gourd.
Describe the habit of wild gourd.
Describe the habit of squash.
Describe the habit of quince.
Describe the habit of cognassier.
Describe the habit of coing.
Describe the habit of quitte.
Describe the habit of quittebaum.
Describe the habit of marmeleiro.
Describe the habit of marmelo.
Describe the habit of marmelo galego.
Describe the habit of gamboa.
Describe the habit of gamboeiro.
Describe the habit of cidonia.
Describe the habit of membrillo.
Describe the habit of membriller.
Describe the habit of cardoon.
Describe the habit of artichoke thistle.
Describe the habit of wild artichoke.
Describe the habit of desert artichoke.
Describe the habit of Artischocke.
Describe the habit of namnam.
Describe the habit of namu-namu.
Describe the habit of kopi anjing.
Describe the habit of puki.
Describe the habit of puki anjing.
Describe the habit of amphawa.
Describe the habit of nang-ai.
Describe the habit of hima.
Describe the habit of tiger nut.
Describe the habit of Zulu nut.
Describe the habit of galingale.
Describe the habit of cyperus.
Describe the habit of English galingale.
Describe the habit of sweet cyperus.
Describe the habit of sweet galingale.
Describe the habit of souchet odorant.
Describe the habit of hohes Zypergras.
Describe the habit of langes Zypergras.
Describe the habit of fladaks.
Describe the habit of zigolo commune.
Describe the habit of African plum.
Describe the habit of bush butter tree.
Describe the habit of African palm.
Describe the habit of African pear.
Describe the habit of native pear.
Describe the habit of bush butter.
Describe the habit of bafole.
Describe the habit of bulungu.
Describe the habit of safoutier.
Describe the habit of mubafo.
Describe the habit of safu.
Describe the habit of safu de obo'.
Describe the habit of atangatier.
Describe the habit of male bamboo.
Describe the habit of Calcutta bamboo.
Describe the habit of bambu' macico.
Describe the habit of black velevet.
Describe the habit of velvet tamarind.
Describe the habit of tamarinier noir.
Describe the habit of kedebe.
Describe the habit of mako.
Describe the habit of meko.
Describe the habit of mekohi.
Describe the habit of icheku.
Describe the habit of kosito.
Describe the habit of solam.
Describe the habit of solom.
Describe the habit of awin.
Describe the habit of burning bush.
Describe the habit of fonio.
Describe the habit of white fonio.
Describe the habit of hungry rice.
Describe the habit of hungry millet.
Describe the habit of hungry koos.
Describe the habit of fundi millet.
Describe the habit of fonio du Sénégal.
Describe the habit of petit mil.
Describe the habit of fini.
Describe the habit of acha.
Describe the habit of cereals-fonio.
Describe the habit of findo.
Describe the habit of longan.
Describe the habit of longanie.
Describe the habit of oeil de dragon.
Describe the habit of len keng.
Describe the habit of kyet mouk.
Describe the habit of mien.
Describe the habit of lam nhai.
Describe the habit of nam nhai.
Describe the habit of lamyai pa.
Describe the habit of lahm-yai.
Describe the habit of nam:nhan.
Describe the habit of green longan.
Describe the habit of African bitter yam.
Describe the habit of three-leaved yam.
Describe the habit of quinim.
Describe the habit of unquinim.
Describe the habit of yam.
Describe the habit of inhame.
Describe the habit of cush-cush.
Describe the habit of yampee.
Describe the habit of Indian yam.
Describe the habit of cara' mimoso.
Describe the habit of cara' doce.
Describe the habit of nambu.
Describe the habit of African ebony.
Describe the habit of jackal-berry.
Describe the habit of West African ebony.
Describe the habit of abu seleba.
Describe the habit of gugham.
Describe the habit of jokhan.
Describe the habit of jughan.
Describe the habit of mgiriti.
Describe the habit of mjoho mpweke.
Describe the habit of kaki.
Describe the habit of karsatta (Konsogna).
Describe the habit of garsa (Afargna).
Describe the habit of domaye (Gamogna).
Describe the habit of garas.
Describe the habit of haras.
Describe the habit of geresa.
Describe the habit of Kei apple.
Describe the habit of Kaiyaba.
Describe the habit of viper's bugloss.
Describe the habit of gewöhnlicher natternkopf.
Describe the habit of blåeld.
Describe the habit of snokört.
Describe the habit of ormehuvud.
Describe the habit of slangehoved.
Describe the habit of neidonkieli.
Describe the habit of piennarneidonkieli.
Describe the habit of nö›rugin.
Describe the habit of water hyacinth.
Describe the habit of Nile lily.
Describe the habit of waterhiasint.
Describe the habit of finger millet.
Describe the habit of African millet.
Describe the habit of koracan.
Describe the habit of kurakkan.
Describe the habit of petit mil.
Describe the habit of eleusine cultivee.
Describe the habit of coracan.
Describe the habit of ragi.
Describe the habit of tailabon.
Describe the habit of vogel gierst.
Describe the habit of wimbi.
Describe the habit of ulezi.
Describe the habit of bule.
Describe the habit of Fingerhirse.
Describe the habit of dagussa.
Describe the habit of tokuso.
Describe the habit of tocusso.
Describe the habit of barankiya.
Describe the habit of mugimbi.
Describe the habit of ceyut.
Describe the habit of koddo.
Describe the habit of mawere (Malawi).
Describe the habit of lipoko (Malawi).
Describe the habit of usanje (Malawi).
Describe the habit of khakwe (Malawi).
Describe the habit of mulimbi (Malawi).
Describe the habit of lupodo (Malawi).
Describe the habit of malesi (Malawi).
Describe the habit of mawe (Malawi).
Describe the habit of mwimbi (Tanzania).
Describe the habit of mbege (Tanzania).
Describe the habit of bulo (Uganda).
Describe the habit of kambale (Zambia).
Describe the habit of lupoko (Zambia).
Describe the habit of mawele (Zambia).
Describe the habit of majolothi (Zambia).
Describe the habit of amale (Zambia).
Describe the habit of bule (Zambia).
Describe the habit of rapoko (Zimbabwe).
Describe the habit of zviyo (Zimbabwe).
Describe the habit of njera (Zimbabwe).
Describe the habit of rukweza (Zimbabwe).
Describe the habit of mazhovole (Zimbabwe).
Describe the habit of uphoko (Zimbabwe).
Describe the habit of Poho (Zimbabwe).
Describe the habit of enset.
Describe the habit of Abyssinian banana.
Describe the habit of rosebay willow herb.
Describe the habit of schmalblättriges weidenröschen.
Describe the habit of mjölke.
Describe the habit of mjölkört.
Describe the habit of praktduna.
Describe the habit of rävsvans.
Describe the habit of skogsbloss.
Describe the habit of geitrams.
Describe the habit of gederams.
Describe the habit of maitohorsma.
Describe the habit of sigurskúfur.
Describe the habit of horsetail.
Describe the habit of field horsetail.
Describe the habit of shavegrass.
Describe the habit of grande prêle.
Describe the habit of Zinnkraut.
Describe the habit of åkerfräken.
Describe the habit of åkersnelle.
Describe the habit of ager-padderokke.
Describe the habit of peltokorte.
Describe the habit of klóelfting.
Describe the habit of Acker-Schachtelhalm.
Describe the habit of Equiseti herba.
Describe the habit of tef.
Describe the habit of tafi (Orom.).
Describe the habit of taf.
Describe the habit of teff.
Describe the habit of Williams lovegrass.
Describe the habit of chimanganga (Malawi).
Describe the habit of ndzungulu(Malawi).
Describe the habit of rocket.
Describe the habit of salad rocket.
Describe the habit of garden rocket.
Describe the habit of arugula.
Describe the habit of arrugula.
Describe the habit of roquette.
Describe the habit of true rocket.
Describe the habit of rocket salad.
Describe the habit of tira.
Describe the habit of white pepper.
Describe the habit of oruga.
Describe the habit of oruga común.
Describe the habit of eruca.
Describe the habit of roqueta común.
Describe the habit of ruqueta.
Describe the habit of bekarki.
Describe the habit of rúcula.
Describe the habit of fedorenta.
Describe the habit of pinchão.
Describe the habit of ruccetta.
Describe the habit of rucola.
Describe the habit of basul.
Describe the habit of balù.
Describe the habit of antipurutu.
Describe the habit of baluy.
Describe the habit of chachafruto.
Describe the habit of chafruto.
Describe the habit of sachafruto.
Describe the habit of sachapuruto.
Describe the habit of calù.
Describe the habit of frisol ca1ù.
Describe the habit of nopas.
Describe the habit of pajuro.
Describe the habit of sachaporoto.
Describe the habit of sacha purutu.
Describe the habit of Brazil eugenia.
Describe the habit of Brazilian cherry.
Describe the habit of grumix-aneira of Brazil.
Describe the habit of Bois de nèfle.
Describe the habit of cerisier du Brésil.
Describe the habit of jambosier du Brésil.
Describe the habit of grumichama.
Describe the habit of grumixama.
Describe the habit of grumixameira.
Describe the habit of arazá.
Describe the habit of araça-boi.
Describe the habit of Brazil cherry.
Describe the habit of Surinam cherry.
Describe the habit of pitanga.
Describe the habit of cerise de Cayenne.
Describe the habit of cerisescotes.
Describe the habit of cerise carrée.
Describe the habit of ceremai belanda.
Describe the habit of dewandaru.
Describe the habit of mayom-farang.
Describe the habit of palmiteiro.
Describe the habit of euterpe palm.
Describe the habit of assai palm.
Describe the habit of acai palm.
Describe the habit of cabbage palm.
Describe the habit of palmier pinot.
Describe the habit of asaí.
Describe the habit of palmiche de Rio Negro.
Describe the habit of manaca.
Describe the habit of palm of col.
Describe the habit of açaí.
Describe the habit of açaízeiro.
Describe the habit of açaí do Pará.
Describe the habit of açaí do Baixo Amazonas.
Describe the habit of açaí de touceira.
Describe the habit of juçara.
Describe the habit of juçara de touceira.
Describe the habit of palmito açai.
Describe the habit of India wheat.
Describe the habit of duck wheat.
Describe the habit of Tartarian buckwheat.
Describe the habit of Kangra buckwheat.
Describe the habit of Iceland buckwheat.
Describe the habit of fagopiro da Tartaria.
Describe the habit of American beech.
Describe the habit of ridge beech.
Describe the habit of red beeche.
Describe the habit of faia americana.
Describe the habit of winter thorn.
Describe the habit of apple ring thorn tree.
Describe the habit of apple ring acacia.
Describe the habit of ana tree.
Describe the habit of white thorn.
Describe the habit of without.
Describe the habit of anaboom.
Describe the habit of apiesdoring.
Describe the habit of mogabo.
Describe the habit of magohlo.
Describe the habit of umHlalankwazi.
Describe the habit of kad.
Describe the habit of Faidherbia.
Describe the habit of large-leaved rock fig.
Describe the habit of rock fig.
Describe the habit of grootblaarrotsvy.
Describe the habit of klipvy.
Describe the habit of inkokhokho.
Describe the habit of umbambematsheni.
Describe the habit of impayi.
Describe the habit of amphayi.
Describe the habit of nkuwamaribye.
Describe the habit of monokane.
Describe the habit of mphaya.
Describe the habit of mohawa.
Describe the habit of momelantsweng.
Describe the habit of tshikululu.
Describe the habit of Afrikaans rostvy.
Describe the habit of African rock fig.
Describe the habit of kawuri.
Describe the habit of pharaoh's fig.
Describe the habit of Egyptian fig.
Describe the habit of Egyptian sycamore.
Describe the habit of sycamore fig.
Describe the habit of sycomore fig.
Describe the habit of mulberry fig.
Describe the habit of daroo.
Describe the habit of mulemba.
Describe the habit of ulemba.
Describe the habit of Sykamorfeige.
Describe the habit of Hilteetaa (Konsogna).
Describe the habit of Abbo rubber tree.
Describe the habit of Abbo.
Describe the habit of Liberian rubber tree.
Describe the habit of obada.
Describe the habit of Dahomey rubber tree.
Describe the habit of Congo rubber tree.
Describe the habit of Ire' rubber tree.
Describe the habit of borracheira africana.
Describe the habit of dwarf kumquat.
Describe the habit of cumquate ana.
Describe the habit of Chilean strawberry.
Describe the habit of beach strawberry.
Describe the habit of frutilla.
Describe the habit of morangueiro do Chile.
Describe the habit of Virginia strawberry.
Describe the habit of scarlet strawberry.
Describe the habit of morangueiro da Virginia.
Describe the habit of cleavers.
Describe the habit of Spring cleavers.
Describe the habit of bedstraw.
Describe the habit of catchweed.
Describe the habit of scratchweed.
Describe the habit of mugweed.
Describe the habit of crosswort.
Describe the habit of pigtail.
Describe the habit of maywort.
Describe the habit of stickleback.
Describe the habit of sticky-willy.
Describe the habit of sweet hearts.
Describe the habit of goosegrass.
Describe the habit of snärjmåra.
Describe the habit of snärjgräs.
Describe the habit of klengjemaure.
Describe the habit of burre-snerre.
Describe the habit of kierumatara.
Describe the habit of klifurmara.
Describe the habit of Kletten-Labkraut.
Describe the habit of Klebkraut.
Describe the habit of amor de hortelao.
Describe the habit of lampaso.
Describe the habit of galhete.
Describe the habit of pega-pega.
Describe the habit of Galii aparinis herba.
Describe the habit of true bedstraw.
Describe the habit of lady's bedstraw.
Describe the habit of our lady's bedstraw.
Describe the habit of cheese rennet.
Describe the habit of yellow cleavers.
Describe the habit of yellow bedstraw.
Describe the habit of yellow spring bedstraw.
Describe the habit of fleaweed.
Describe the habit of curdwort.
Describe the habit of echtes Labkraut.
Describe the habit of gulmaure.
Describe the habit of gul snerre.
Describe the habit of keltamatara.
Describe the habit of gulma›ra.
Describe the habit of erva do coalho.
Describe the habit of erva coalheira.
Describe the habit of galiao.
Describe the habit of Galii veri herba.
Describe the habit of ghogar tree.
Describe the habit of karak tree.
Describe the habit of chinyok.
Describe the habit of jum tree.
Describe the habit of arvore de folha parida.
Describe the habit of Mandvi (Surat.
Describe the habit of Bombay).
Describe the habit of genipap.
Describe the habit of genip.
Describe the habit of genipapo.
Describe the habit of caruto.
Describe the habit of Jamaica bullace plum.
Describe the habit of jagua.
Describe the habit of marmalade-box.
Describe the habit of genipapeiro.
Describe the habit of genipapinho.
Describe the habit of jenipapeiro das Guianas.
Describe the habit of jenipapeiro.
Describe the habit of jenipa'.
Describe the habit of janipaba.
Describe the habit of dyer's-greenweed.
Describe the habit of green broom.
Describe the habit of base broom.
Describe the habit of kendal green.
Describe the habit of woas-waxen.
Describe the habit of piorno.
Describe the habit of piorno dos tintureiros.
Describe the habit of ground ivy.
Describe the habit of field balm.
Describe the habit of field thyme.
Describe the habit of tun hoof.
Describe the habit of alehoof.
Describe the habit of hay maids.
Describe the habit of gill-over-the-ground.
Describe the habit of crow victuals.
Describe the habit of Gundelrebe.
Describe the habit of krossknapp.
Describe the habit of korsknap.
Describe the habit of maahumala.
Describe the habit of hera terrestre.
Describe the habit of coroa da terra.
Describe the habit of Hederae terrestris herba.
Describe the habit of float grass.
Describe the habit of northern mannagrass.
Describe the habit of mannagrass.
Describe the habit of marsh bedstraw.
Describe the habit of floating sweet-grass.
Describe the habit of water mannagrass.
Describe the habit of floating manna grass.
Describe the habit of mannasøtgras.
Describe the habit of manna-sødgræs.
Describe the habit of ojasorsimo.
Describe the habit of fló›apuntur.
Describe the habit of flutender schwaden.
Describe the habit of phalsa.
Describe the habit of bariuan.
Describe the habit of pophlië.
Describe the habit of nhaab.
Describe the habit of malai.
Describe the habit of ya-khithut.
Describe the habit of po tao hai.
Describe the habit of cò-ke-à.
Describe the habit of niger.
Describe the habit of niger seed.
Describe the habit of guizotia oléifere.
Describe the habit of gingellikraut.
Describe the habit of nug.
Describe the habit of noug.
Describe the habit of neuk.
Describe the habit of sorguja.
Describe the habit of sarguza.
Describe the habit of alashi.
Describe the habit of verrinuvvulu.
Describe the habit of payellu.
Describe the habit of hechellu.
Describe the habit of karale.
Describe the habit of ramtil.
Describe the habit of gunnera.
Describe the habit of Chilean rhubarb.
Describe the habit of Chilean gunnera.
Describe the habit of Chilean 'ape'ape.
Describe the habit of pangue.
Describe the habit of nalca.
Describe the habit of raway.
Describe the habit of spider flower.
Describe the habit of cat's whiskers.
Describe the habit of african spiderflower.
Describe the habit of bastard mustard.
Describe the habit of mouzambe à fleurs blanches.
Describe the habit of cleome.
Describe the habit of gynandro.
Describe the habit of senfkapper.
Describe the habit of benzoinbaun.
Describe the habit of fieberstrauch.
Describe the habit of kattesnor.
Describe the habit of lubanga (B.
Describe the habit of Zm).
Describe the habit of ans saka.
Describe the habit of volatin (Cuba).
Describe the habit of acaya blanc (Martinique).
Describe the habit of white massombee (Puerto Rico).
Describe the habit of pe hua tsai.
Describe the habit of kurhur.
Describe the habit of baowan.
Describe the habit of maman.
Describe the habit of cinco-cinco (Philippines).
Describe the habit of phak sain.
Describe the habit of musambe (Angola).
Describe the habit of rothwe (Botswana).
Describe the habit of gorbwa (Cameroon).
Describe the habit of abu quarn.
Describe the habit of boekbeha.
Describe the habit of chinsaga (Kenya).
Describe the habit of brede caya (Malawi).
Describe the habit of lerotu (Mauritius).
Describe the habit of aija (Réunion).
Describe the habit of palmbossie (Somalia).
Describe the habit of tamaleika (South Africa).
Describe the habit of mgagani (Sudan).
Describe the habit of ejjoboyo (Tanzania).
Describe the habit of gasaya (Uganda).
Describe the habit of boanga (West Africa).
Describe the habit of suntha (Dem. Rep. of Congo).
Describe the habit of nyevhe (Zambia).
Describe the habit of nyeuhe (Zimbabwe).
Describe the habit of cow parsnip.
Describe the habit of Wiesenbärenklau.
Describe the habit of hogweed.
Describe the habit of common cow parsnip.
Describe the habit of berce.
Describe the habit of roselle.
Describe the habit of rozelle.
Describe the habit of sorrel.
Describe the habit of red sorrel.
Describe the habit of Jamaica sorrel.
Describe the habit of Indian sorrel.
Describe the habit of Guinea sorrel.
Describe the habit of sour-sour.
Describe the habit of Queensland jelly plant.
Describe the habit of jelly okra.
Describe the habit of lemon bush.
Describe the habit of Florida cranberry.
Describe the habit of oseille rouge.
Describe the habit of oseille de Guinée.
Describe the habit of quimbombó chino.
Describe the habit of sereni.
Describe the habit of rosa de Jamaica.
Describe the habit of flor de Jamaica.
Describe the habit of agrio de Guinea.
Describe the habit of quetmia ácida.
Describe the habit of viña.
Describe the habit of viñuela.
Describe the habit of vinagreira.
Describe the habit of azeda de Guiné.
Describe the habit of cururú azédo.
Describe the habit of quiabeiro azédo.
Describe the habit of zuring.
Describe the habit of karkadé.
Describe the habit of carcadé.
Describe the habit of sea buckthorn.
Describe the habit of Sanddorn.
Describe the habit of Hippophae fructus.
Describe the habit of Oleum hippophae.
Describe the habit of bulbous barley.
Describe the habit of hop.
Describe the habit of houblon.
Describe the habit of hopfen.
Describe the habit of luppolo.
Describe the habit of jatobá.
Describe the habit of dom (Sudan).
Describe the habit of dom palm.
Describe the habit of pacay.
Describe the habit of pacae.
Describe the habit of ice cream bean.
Describe the habit of pois sucre.
Describe the habit of pacay de Perù.
Describe the habit of guarna.
Describe the habit of guamo.
Describe the habit of guama.
Describe the habit of rabo de mico.
Describe the habit of pa'qay.
Describe the habit of paccai.
Describe the habit of pa'qaya.
Describe the habit of guaba.
Describe the habit of pan chock.
Describe the habit of river-koko.
Describe the habit of pois doux.
Describe the habit of pois doux à paille.
Describe the habit of pois sucrin.
Describe the habit of guaba nativa.
Describe the habit of guamà.
Describe the habit of guamá jina.
Describe the habit of guavo.
Describe the habit of inga.
Describe the habit of pwa dou.
Describe the habit of sikren.
Describe the habit of inga' verdadeiro.
Describe the habit of elecampane.
Describe the habit of yellow starwort.
Describe the habit of scabwort.
Describe the habit of horse elder.
Describe the habit of elf dock.
Describe the habit of horse-heal.
Describe the habit of enula-campana.
Describe the habit of inula.
Describe the habit of madorneira rasteira.
Describe the habit of yellow flag.
Describe the habit of yellow iris.
Describe the habit of water flag iris.
Describe the habit of yellow water flag.
Describe the habit of water skegs.
Describe the habit of sword flag.
Describe the habit of lirio amarelo dos campos.
Describe the habit of lirio amarelo dos pantanos.
Describe the habit of acoro bastardo.
Describe the habit of bush mango.
Describe the habit of African bush mango.
Describe the habit of wild mango.
Describe the habit of oba.
Describe the habit of ogbono.
Describe the habit of bataua.
Describe the habit of juniper.
Describe the habit of common juniper.
Describe the habit of horse savin.
Describe the habit of genevrier.
Describe the habit of genievre.
Describe the habit of Wacholder.
Describe the habit of ginepro comune.
Describe the habit of Baccae juniperi.
Describe the habit of Juniperi galbulus.
Describe the habit of Juniperi fructus.
Describe the habit of Aetheroleum juniperi.
Describe the habit of zimbro vulgar.
Describe the habit of zimbrao.
Describe the habit of genebreiro.
Describe the habit of Kersting's groundnut.
Describe the habit of groundnut - Kersting's.
Describe the habit of white dead-nettle.
Describe the habit of weisse Taubnessel.
Describe the habit of white nettle.
Describe the habit of Lamii albi flos.
Describe the habit of Lamii albi herba.
Describe the habit of grass pea.
Describe the habit of chickling pea.
Describe the habit of Indian vetch.
Describe the habit of chickling vetch.
Describe the habit of gesse blanche.
Describe the habit of gesette.
Describe the habit of chícaro común.
Describe the habit of almorta.
Describe the habit of alverjas.
Describe the habit of pisello bretonne.
Describe the habit of guaya.
Describe the habit of san lee dow.
Describe the habit of khesari.
Describe the habit of batura.
Describe the habit of gilban.
Describe the habit of matri.
Describe the habit of sebere.
Describe the habit of rough pea.
Describe the habit of lentil.
Describe the habit of red dhal.
Describe the habit of split pea.
Describe the habit of lentille.
Describe the habit of lenteja.
Describe the habit of lenticchia.
Describe the habit of adas.
Describe the habit of mercimek.
Describe the habit of messer.
Describe the habit of masser.
Describe the habit of heramame.
Describe the habit of shimfa.
Describe the habit of missr.
Describe the habit of linse.
Describe the habit of pepper grass.
Describe the habit of pepper weed.
Describe the habit of pepperweed.
Describe the habit of maca.
Describe the habit of maca-maca.
Describe the habit of Peruvian ginseng.
Describe the habit of maka.
Describe the habit of mace.
Describe the habit of maino.
Describe the habit of ayak chichira.
Describe the habit of ayuk willku.
Describe the habit of cress.
Describe the habit of garden cress.
Describe the habit of curled cress.
Describe the habit of pepper grass.
Describe the habit of fetto.
Describe the habit of shimfi (Galinya).
Describe the habit of kotto.
Describe the habit of shimfa.
Describe the habit of shimp (Kaffa).
Describe the habit of shufu (Aderic).
Describe the habit of lovage.
Describe the habit of livèche.
Describe the habit of Liebstöckel.
Describe the habit of Levistici rhizoma et radix.
Describe the habit of Levistici folium.
Describe the habit of Levistici herba.
Describe the habit of Levistici fructus.
Describe the habit of Aetheroleum levistici.
Describe the habit of common toadflax.
Describe the habit of yellow toadflax.
Describe the habit of white lupin.
Describe the habit of lupino blanco.
Describe the habit of yellow lupin.
Describe the habit of yellow lupine.
Describe the habit of golden lupine.
Describe the habit of lupin jaune.
Describe the habit of gelbe lupine.
Describe the habit of hansenklee.
Describe the habit of lupino giallo.
Describe the habit of tremoco amarelo.
Describe the habit of tremoco de flor amarela.
Describe the habit of lupino amarillo.
Describe the habit of altramuz amarillo.
Describe the habit of Andean lupin.
Describe the habit of South American lupin.
Describe the habit of sweet Bolivian lupine.
Describe the habit of pearl lupin.
Describe the habit of altramuz.
Describe the habit of chocho.
Describe the habit of lupino.
Describe the habit of raewi (Peru.
Describe the habit of Bolivia).
Describe the habit of tauri (Bolivia).
Describe the habit of chocho (Ecuador.
Describe the habit of Peru).
Describe the habit of chochito (Ecuador.
Describe the habit of Peru).
Describe the habit of cequela (Peru).
Describe the habit of chuchus (Bolivia).
Describe the habit of tarwi.
Describe the habit of tauri.
Describe the habit of musk mallow.
Describe the habit of malva almizclada.
Describe the habit of white mallow.
Describe the habit of muskuskaasjeskruid.
Describe the habit of moskus katost.
Describe the habit of bisam-malve.
Describe the habit of moschus-malve.
Describe the habit of myskmalva.
Describe the habit of moskuskattost.
Describe the habit of myskimalva.
Describe the habit of mauve musquée.
Describe the habit of slaz pizmowy.
Describe the habit of noon flower.
Describe the habit of eng-gedeskæg.
Describe the habit of geitskjegg.
Describe the habit of pukinparta.
Describe the habit of wiesen-bocksbart.
Describe the habit of cravo de seara.
Describe the habit of ängshaverrot.
Describe the habit of fenugreek.
Describe the habit of abacha.
Describe the habit of abakte.
Describe the habit of abish.
Describe the habit of beef apple.
Describe the habit of chicle.
Describe the habit of sapoti.
Describe the habit of sapotizeiro.
Describe the habit of sapotillier.
Describe the habit of sawo manila.
Describe the habit of ciku.
Describe the habit of sawo londo.
Describe the habit of chico.
Describe the habit of lomut.
Describe the habit of lamud.
Describe the habit of lamut.
Describe the habit of lamut-farang.
Describe the habit of xabôchê.
Describe the habit of hông xiêm.
Describe the habit of tâm lu'c.
Describe the habit of horehound.
Describe the habit of common horehound.
Describe the habit of white horehound.
Describe the habit of hoarhound.
Describe the habit of hound's-bane.
Describe the habit of marrube blanc.
Describe the habit of marrube commun.
Describe the habit of Andorn.
Describe the habit of Weisser Andorn.
Describe the habit of marrubio.
Describe the habit of marrubio branco.
Describe the habit of Marrubii herba.
Describe the habit of German chamomile.
Describe the habit of Hungarian camomile.
Describe the habit of matricaria.
Describe the habit of wild camomile.
Describe the habit of Kamille.
Describe the habit of Chamomillae flos.
Describe the habit of Chamomillae cribratum.
Describe the habit of Chamomillae herba.
Describe the habit of Aetheroleum chamomillae.
Describe the habit of buriti palm.
Describe the habit of mauriti palm.
Describe the habit of aguaje palm.
Describe the habit of babinda.
Describe the habit of palmier bâche.
Describe the habit of carandai-guazú (Bolivia).
Describe the habit of ideuí.
Describe the habit of canaguche.
Describe the habit of canangucho (Colombia.
Describe the habit of Ecuador).
Describe the habit of chomiya.
Describe the habit of burití.
Describe the habit of moriche (Colombia.
Describe the habit of Venezuela).
Describe the habit of morete (Ecuador).
Describe the habit of palma real (Bolivia).
Describe the habit of coqueiro anajá.
Describe the habit of inajazeiro.
Describe the habit of mirití.
Describe the habit of murití.
Describe the habit of palmeira dos brejos.
Describe the habit of ite palm (Guyana).
Describe the habit of aguaje (Colombia.
Describe the habit of Perú).
Describe the habit of morichal (Colombia).
Describe the habit of buriti-do-brejo.
Describe the habit of coqueiro-buriti.
Describe the habit of buritizeiro.
Describe the habit of mangrove.
Describe the habit of spearmint.
Describe the habit of menthe crepue.
Describe the habit of krauseminze.
Describe the habit of bogbean.
Describe the habit of medlar.
Describe the habit of bitter gourd.
Describe the habit of balsam pear.
Describe the habit of band carilla.
Describe the habit of costela de Adão.
Describe the habit of Adam‚s rib.
Describe the habit of fruit salad plant.
Describe the habit of Swiss cheese plant.
Describe the habit of ceriman.
Describe the habit of Mexican Breadfruit.
Describe the habit of Monstera.
Describe the habit of split-leaf Philodendron.
Describe the habit of breadfruit vine.
Describe the habit of hurricane plant.
Describe the habit of cut-leaf Philodendron.
Describe the habit of red mulberry.
Describe the habit of American mulberry.
Describe the habit of murier rouge.
Describe the habit of amoreira vermelha.
Describe the habit of buffalo bean.
Describe the habit of cow-itch.
Describe the habit of cowage velvet bean.
Describe the habit of cow itch.
Describe the habit of fogarate.
Describe the habit of gratey.
Describe the habit of hell fire bean.
Describe the habit of itchy bean.
Describe the habit of pica pica.
Describe the habit of pois velu.
Describe the habit of pois-gratter.
Describe the habit of velvet bean.
Describe the habit of mucuna ceniza.
Describe the habit of kavach.
Describe the habit of kaunch.
Describe the habit of alkushi.
Describe the habit of atmagupta.
Describe the habit of dulagondi.
Describe the habit of punaikkali.
Describe the habit of nasugunni.
Describe the habit of Juckbohne.
Describe the habit of jukboontje.
Describe the habit of tassel hyacinth.
Describe the habit of catnip.
Describe the habit of catmint.
Describe the habit of neveda dos gatos.
Describe the habit of erva dos gatos.
Describe the habit of nepeta.
Describe the habit of cataria.
Describe the habit of gataria.
Describe the habit of nebeda.
Describe the habit of hierba gatera.
Describe the habit of European yellow pond-lily.
Describe the habit of pond-lily.
Describe the habit of yellow pond-lily.
Describe the habit of spatterdock.
Describe the habit of cow lily.
Describe the habit of yellow cow lily.
Describe the habit of yellow pondlily.
Describe the habit of yellow water lily.
Describe the habit of brandy bottle.
Describe the habit of yellow water lily.
Describe the habit of yellow pond-lily.
Describe the habit of pond-lily.
Describe the habit of European yellow pond-lily.
Describe the habit of spatterdock lily.
Describe the habit of frog-lily.
Describe the habit of cow-lily.
Describe the habit of spatter dock.
Describe the habit of gul nykkerose.
Describe the habit of gul åkande.
Describe the habit of isoulpukka.
Describe the habit of gelbe teichrose.
Describe the habit of white water-lily.
Describe the habit of European white water-lily.
Describe the habit of American white water-lily.
Describe the habit of fragrant water-lily.
Describe the habit of sweet-scented white water-lily.
Describe the habit of water cabbage.
Describe the habit of pond-lily.
Describe the habit of golfao branco.
Describe the habit of flor de camal.
Describe the habit of camalassana.
Describe the habit of castalia.
Describe the habit of lirio de agua.
Describe the habit of murure.
Describe the habit of gigoga.
Describe the habit of erima.
Describe the habit of binuang.
Describe the habit of jejeba.
Describe the habit of cactus pear.
Describe the habit of prickly pear.
Describe the habit of fico d'india.
Describe the habit of turksvy.
Describe the habit of African rice.
Describe the habit of riz africain.
Describe the habit of riz de Casamance.
Describe the habit of arroz africano.
Describe the habit of arroz da Guine'.
Describe the habit of arroz de Guinea.
Describe the habit of proso millet.
Describe the habit of hog millet.
Describe the habit of common millet.
Describe the habit of millet proso.
Describe the habit of echte hirse.
Describe the habit of hirs.
Describe the habit of vipphirs.
Describe the habit of äkta hirs.
Describe the habit of hirse.
Describe the habit of almindelig hirse.
Describe the habit of hirssi.
Describe the habit of viljahirssi.
Describe the habit of vine mesquite grass.
Describe the habit of common poppy.
Describe the habit of Klatschmohn.
Describe the habit of poppy.
Describe the habit of opium poppy.
Describe the habit of white poppy.
Describe the habit of adormidera.
Describe the habit of pavot.
Describe the habit of Mohn.
Describe the habit of Schlafmohn.
Describe the habit of vallmo.
Describe the habit of opiums valmue.
Describe the habit of valmue.
Describe the habit of khashkhash.
Describe the habit of slaapbol.
Describe the habit of papavero.
Describe the habit of dormideira.
Describe the habit of mak.
Describe the habit of keshi.
Describe the habit of ying-shu.
Describe the habit of Papaveris caput maturis.
Describe the habit of Papaveris semen.
Describe the habit of Oleum papaveris.
Describe the habit of mehes.
Describe the habit of mobola-plum.
Describe the habit of cork tree.
Describe the habit of hissing tree.
Describe the habit of grysappel.
Describe the habit of bosappel.
Describe the habit of mmola.
Describe the habit of mbulwa.
Describe the habit of mobola.
Describe the habit of muvhula.
Describe the habit of amabulwa.
Describe the habit of African locust bean.
Describe the habit of locust bean.
Describe the habit of néré.
Describe the habit of arbre à farine.
Describe the habit of fern leaf.
Describe the habit of monkey cutlass tree.
Describe the habit of two ball nitta-tree.
Describe the habit of caroubier Africain.
Describe the habit of maypop.
Describe the habit of apricot vine.
Describe the habit of wild passion flower.
Describe the habit of flor da Paixao.
Describe the habit of guarana.
Describe the habit of kletterstrauch.
Describe the habit of guaranastruik.
Describe the habit of quarana.
Describe the habit of quarane.
Describe the habit of green arrow arum.
Describe the habit of pearl millett.
Describe the habit of bulrush millett.
Describe the habit of negrito millet.
Describe the habit of millet perle.
Describe the habit of petit millet.
Describe the habit of cumbu.
Describe the habit of bajra.
Describe the habit of bajri.
Describe the habit of babala.
Describe the habit of spiked millet.
Describe the habit of cat-tail millet.
Describe the habit of cattail millet.
Describe the habit of pijo perla.
Describe the habit of panizo Bajra.
Describe the habit of mil a chandella.
Describe the habit of mil penicillaire.
Describe the habit of dukn.
Describe the habit of reed canary-grass.
Describe the habit of baldingère.
Describe the habit of alpiste roseau.
Describe the habit of rohr glanzgras.
Describe the habit of rörflen.
Describe the habit of randgräs.
Describe the habit of strandrøyr.
Describe the habit of rørgræs.
Describe the habit of ruokohelpi.
Describe the habit of wild date palm.
Describe the habit of Senegal date.
Describe the habit of coffee palm.
Describe the habit of feather palm.
Describe the habit of toddy palm.
Describe the habit of wilde dadelboom.
Describe the habit of datelboom.
Describe the habit of mkindu.
Describe the habit of alol (Tana River).
Describe the habit of maydho.
Describe the habit of mukindu.
Describe the habit of muthuthi.
Describe the habit of othith.
Describe the habit of lilala.
Describe the habit of mutshema.
Describe the habit of mutshevho.
Describe the habit of iSundu.
Describe the habit of tsaro.
Describe the habit of omuvare.
Describe the habit of idama.
Describe the habit of akindu.
Describe the habit of mopalamo.
Describe the habit of Cape date palm.
Describe the habit of Zmbaba.
Describe the habit of Selien.
Describe the habit of Hosana.
Describe the habit of Ol-tukai.
Describe the habit of Schilf.
Describe the habit of amla.
Describe the habit of aonla.
Describe the habit of emblic.
Describe the habit of emblic myrobalan.
Describe the habit of malacca tree.
Describe the habit of Indian gooseberry.
Describe the habit of amlet.
Describe the habit of amalaki.
Describe the habit of aurna.
Describe the habit of karnataki.
Describe the habit of amalkam.
Describe the habit of nelli.
Describe the habit of adiphala.
Describe the habit of amalka.
Describe the habit of amrit.
Describe the habit of amritfala.
Describe the habit of dhatriphala.
Describe the habit of panchrasa.
Describe the habit of shreefal.
Describe the habit of shiva.
Describe the habit of vaystha.
Describe the habit of nellikai.
Describe the habit of amra.
Describe the habit of ray.
Describe the habit of sobju.
Describe the habit of amolphal.
Describe the habit of myrobalan.
Describe the habit of melaka.
Describe the habit of Asam melaka.
Describe the habit of amlaka.
Describe the habit of ma kham pom.
Describe the habit of mak kham pom.
Describe the habit of kam lam.
Describe the habit of kam lam ko.
Describe the habit of bong ngot.
Describe the habit of chu me.
Describe the habit of cape gooseberry.
Describe the habit of tomatillo.
Describe the habit of husk-tomato.
Describe the habit of jamberry.
Describe the habit of ground cherry.
Describe the habit of tomate de cascara.
Describe the habit of tomate de fresadilla.
Describe the habit of tomate milpero.
Describe the habit of tomate verde.
Describe the habit of miltomate.
Describe the habit of Asian poke weed.
Describe the habit of edible pokeweed.
Describe the habit of Indian poke.
Describe the habit of phytolacca.
Describe the habit of poke root.
Describe the habit of endod.
Describe the habit of shang lu.
Describe the habit of thuwowng lujc.
Describe the habit of kermesbeere.
Describe the habit of kermesbär.
Describe the habit of cancer root.
Describe the habit of coakum.
Describe the habit of garget.
Describe the habit of ink berry.
Describe the habit of pigeon berry.
Describe the habit of pigeonberry.
Describe the habit of pocan.
Describe the habit of poke root.
Describe the habit of poke salad.
Describe the habit of pokeberry.
Describe the habit of pokeweed.
Describe the habit of scoke.
Describe the habit of wild spinach.
Describe the habit of tintureira.
Describe the habit of erva dos cachos da India.
Describe the habit of caruru de pomba.
Describe the habit of gaia-moca.
Describe the habit of Ghilghoza pine.
Describe the habit of Nejan pine.
Describe the habit of Neoza pine.
Describe the habit of Italian stone pine.
Describe the habit of Roman pine.
Describe the habit of umbrella pine.
Describe the habit of pignon pine.
Describe the habit of pignolia.
Describe the habit of bull pine.
Describe the habit of stone pine.
Describe the habit of nut pine.
Describe the habit of pin pignon.
Describe the habit of pin parasol.
Describe the habit of pino domestico.
Describe the habit of pino marittimo.
Describe the habit of pinheiro manso.
Describe the habit of filfile zaf.
Describe the habit of koloita.
Describe the habit of coleus potato.
Describe the habit of Livingstone potato.
Describe the habit of wilde aartappel.
Describe the habit of shezha.
Describe the habit of tsenga.
Describe the habit of tensa.
Describe the habit of tsenza.
Describe the habit of mutada.
Describe the habit of matheta.
Describe the habit of makwele.
Describe the habit of tapole emahlo.
Describe the habit of tapole-ea-mahlo.
Describe the habit of itapile.
Describe the habit of ibonda.
Describe the habit of ugilo.
Describe the habit of potato - coleus.
Describe the habit of ulucanqu.
Describe the habit of uluhlaza.
Describe the habit of isiqwili.
Describe the habit of ushizane.
Describe the habit of umhlati.
Describe the habit of ulujilo.
Describe the habit of umbondive.
Describe the habit of imbondwe.
Describe the habit of ujwangu.
Describe the habit of ushizan.
Describe the habit of UJilo.
Describe the habit of UJikwe.
Describe the habit of UHlazaluti.
Describe the habit of IZambhane.
Describe the habit of weeping podocarpus.
Describe the habit of she-pine.
Describe the habit of brown pine.
Describe the habit of podocarpo de ramos pendentes.
Describe the habit of bistort.
Describe the habit of European bistort.
Describe the habit of meadow bistort.
Describe the habit of English serpentary.
Describe the habit of bistorta.
Describe the habit of leafcup.
Describe the habit of yacon.
Describe the habit of yacon strawberry.
Describe the habit of jiquima.
Describe the habit of yacuma.
Describe the habit of arboloco.
Describe the habit of poir de terre Cochet.
Describe the habit of lucuma.
Describe the habit of lucumo.
Describe the habit of lucma.
Describe the habit of rucma.
Describe the habit of mamón.
Describe the habit of sapote.
Describe the habit of mammee zapote.
Describe the habit of marmalade plum.
Describe the habit of zapote.
Describe the habit of mamey zapoteo.
Describe the habit of mamey colorado.
Describe the habit of zapota grande.
Describe the habit of sapota grande.
Describe the habit of unique'.
Describe the habit of grosse sapote.
Describe the habit of algarroba.
Describe the habit of vilayati babul.
Describe the habit of gean.
Describe the habit of heart cherry.
Describe the habit of sweet cherry.
Describe the habit of mazzard cherry.
Describe the habit of fugle kirsebær.
Describe the habit of cereja doce.
Describe the habit of cereja galega.
Describe the habit of Kirsche.
Describe the habit of Cerasorum stipites.
Describe the habit of capulin.
Describe the habit of capuli cherry.
Describe the habit of American cherry.
Describe the habit of capulin black cherry.
Describe the habit of capulin cherry.
Describe the habit of cerisier capulin.
Describe the habit of cereza.
Describe the habit of cereza común.
Describe the habit of guinda.
Describe the habit of capulí.
Describe the habit of cerezo.
Describe the habit of cereza criolla.
Describe the habit of cereza de los Andes.
Describe the habit of muji.
Describe the habit of detsé.
Describe the habit of detzé.
Describe the habit of taunday.
Describe the habit of jonote.
Describe the habit of puan.
Describe the habit of palman.
Describe the habit of xengua.
Describe the habit of murmuntu.
Describe the habit of ussum.
Describe the habit of kapollinkirsche.
Describe the habit of Mexican traubenkirsche.
Describe the habit of sour cherry.
Describe the habit of pie-cherry.
Describe the habit of cerisier commun.
Describe the habit of ginjeira da ginjas galegas.
Describe the habit of Japanese apricot.
Describe the habit of mume.
Describe the habit of alperceiro do Japao.
Describe the habit of Japanese plum.
Describe the habit of ameixeira do Japao.
Describe the habit of sloe.
Describe the habit of blackthorn.
Describe the habit of skeg.
Describe the habit of prunellier.
Describe the habit of Schlehdorn.
Describe the habit of slåen.
Describe the habit of abrunheiro bravo.
Describe the habit of espinheiro negro.
Describe the habit of endrino.
Describe the habit of Cortex acaciae nostratis.
Describe the habit of Pruni spinosae folium.
Describe the habit of Pruni spinosae flos.
Describe the habit of Pruni spinosae fructus.
Describe the habit of common lungwort.
Describe the habit of lungwort.
Describe the habit of spotted dog.
Describe the habit of blue lungwort.
Describe the habit of Joseph-and-Mary.
Describe the habit of lungeurt.
Describe the habit of erva dos bofes.
Describe the habit of pulmonaria.
Describe the habit of Lungenkraut.
Describe the habit of pulmonary.
Describe the habit of Pulmonariae folium.
Describe the habit of Pulmonairae herba.
Describe the habit of Chinese pear.
Describe the habit of Japanese pear.
Describe the habit of Asian pear.
Describe the habit of Oriental pear.
Describe the habit of sand pear.
Describe the habit of Japanese sand pear.
Describe the habit of pera chinesa.
Describe the habit of peral de las arenas.
Describe the habit of nashi.
Describe the habit of California live oak.
Describe the habit of Coast live oak.
Describe the habit of Encina.
Describe the habit of sobreiro da California.
Describe the habit of white oak.
Describe the habit of Quebec oak.
Describe the habit of stave oak.
Describe the habit of chene blanc.
Describe the habit of chene du Quebec.
Describe the habit of carvalho branco.
Describe the habit of oak.
Describe the habit of German oak.
Describe the habit of English oak.
Describe the habit of Robur oak.
Describe the habit of Austrian oak.
Describe the habit of pedunculate oak.
Describe the habit of truffle oak.
Describe the habit of Slavonian oak.
Describe the habit of chene.
Describe the habit of chene pedoncule'.
Describe the habit of Eiche.
Describe the habit of Deutsche Eiche.
Describe the habit of Stieleiche.
Describe the habit of Traubeneiche.
Describe the habit of Sommereiche.
Describe the habit of quercia.
Describe the habit of farnia.
Describe the habit of stilk eg.
Describe the habit of carvalho roble.
Describe the habit of carvalho comum.
Describe the habit of carvalho alvarinho.
Describe the habit of roble comun.
Describe the habit of Quercus cortex.
Describe the habit of Quercus folium.
Describe the habit of rat-tailed radish.
Describe the habit of dogwood.
Describe the habit of blinkblaar.
Describe the habit of Turkey rhubarb.
Describe the habit of Chinese rhubarb.
Describe the habit of black currant.
Describe the habit of schwarze Johannisbeere.
Describe the habit of Ribis nigri folium.
Describe the habit of Ribis nigri fructus.
Describe the habit of red current.
Describe the habit of ribs.
Describe the habit of rote Johannisbeere.
Describe the habit of Ribis rubri fructus.
Describe the habit of gooseberry.
Describe the habit of stikkelsbær.
Describe the habit of stachelbeere.
Describe the habit of African nut tree.
Describe the habit of African wood.
Describe the habit of African wood-oil nut tree.
Describe the habit of cork wood.
Describe the habit of muawa.
Describe the habit of erimado.
Describe the habit of munguella (Angola).
Describe the habit of esséssang (Cameroon).
Describe the habit of bofeko (Zaire).
Describe the habit of wama (Ghana).
Describe the habit of okhuen (Nigeria).
Describe the habit of kishongo (Uganda).
Describe the habit of mongongo nut.
Describe the habit of manketti nut.
Describe the habit of featherweight tree.
Describe the habit of mongongo.
Describe the habit of mungongo.
Describe the habit of mungongoma.
Describe the habit of mugonga.
Describe the habit of mangetti.
Describe the habit of ugongo (Kwangali).
Describe the habit of ngongo (Kwangali).
Describe the habit of wilde okkerneut.
Describe the habit of dog rose.
Describe the habit of dog brier.
Describe the habit of rose hip.
Describe the habit of wild rose.
Describe the habit of brier hip.
Describe the habit of bramble rose.
Describe the habit of cankerberry.
Describe the habit of canker.
Describe the habit of baies d'eglantier.
Describe the habit of Hagebutte.
Describe the habit of Hundsrose.
Describe the habit of rosa canina.
Describe the habit of hunderose.
Describe the habit of roseira canina.
Describe the habit of rosa de cao.
Describe the habit of silva-macha.
Describe the habit of rebenta-boi.
Describe the habit of Cynosbati fructus sine semine.
Describe the habit of Cynosbati fructus cum seminibus.
Describe the habit of Cynosbati semen.
Describe the habit of blackberry.
Describe the habit of scaldberry.
Describe the habit of bramble.
Describe the habit of ronce commune.
Describe the habit of brombeere.
Describe the habit of brombær.
Describe the habit of silva das amoras.
Describe the habit of amora silvestre.
Describe the habit of amora de silva.
Describe the habit of sarca.
Describe the habit of black raspberry.
Describe the habit of blackcap raspberry.
Describe the habit of framboise noire.
Describe the habit of frambuesa negra.
Describe the habit of framboeza preta.
Describe the habit of butcher's broom.
Describe the habit of knee holm.
Describe the habit of jew'-myrtle.
Describe the habit of pettigree.
Describe the habit of pettigrue.
Describe the habit of fragon piquant.
Describe the habit of pungitopo.
Describe the habit of mussetorn.
Describe the habit of gilbardeira.
Describe the habit of jabardeira.
Describe the habit of erva dos vasculhos.
Describe the habit of brusca.
Describe the habit of murta espinhosa.
Describe the habit of old-world arrowhead.
Describe the habit of arrowhead.
Describe the habit of kyor.
Describe the habit of Chinese arrowhead.
Describe the habit of sagitaria vulgar.
Describe the habit of gewöhnliches pfeilkraut.
Describe the habit of pilblad.
Describe the habit of pystykeiholehti.
Describe the habit of pilört.
Describe the habit of vanligt pilblad.
Describe the habit of samphire.
Describe the habit of glasswort.
Describe the habit of bladderwort.
Describe the habit of sea asparagus.
Describe the habit of saint-pierre.
Describe the habit of tooth brush tree.
Describe the habit of toothbrush tree.
Describe the habit of kikuel tree.
Describe the habit of mustard tree.
Describe the habit of salt bush.
Describe the habit of adai.
Describe the habit of salvadora.
Describe the habit of aarak.
Describe the habit of arrak.
Describe the habit of arraka.
Describe the habit of el rak.
Describe the habit of kabats.
Describe the habit of shau.
Describe the habit of siwak.
Describe the habit of arbre a cure-dents.
Describe the habit of arbre a frotte-dents.
Describe the habit of mswaki.
Describe the habit of dadaho.
Describe the habit of adz.
Describe the habit of imu-garreh.
Describe the habit of common elder.
Describe the habit of elderberry.
Describe the habit of American elder.
Describe the habit of sweet elder.
Describe the habit of elder blow.
Describe the habit of sabugueiro do Canada'.
Describe the habit of red-berried elder.
Describe the habit of European red elder.
Describe the habit of sabugueiro vermelho da Europa.
Describe the habit of great burnet.
Describe the habit of burnet-bloodwort.
Describe the habit of pimpinela hortense.
Describe the habit of sanguisorba.
Describe the habit of sandalwood.
Describe the habit of sanders wood.
Describe the habit of sandal tree.
Describe the habit of chandana.
Describe the habit of chandal.
Describe the habit of chandan.
Describe the habit of sandal.
Describe the habit of santagu.
Describe the habit of santhanam.
Describe the habit of srigandam.
Describe the habit of byakudan.
Describe the habit of Indian lac tree.
Describe the habit of kosum.
Describe the habit of kusuma.
Describe the habit of kesambi.
Describe the habit of common club-rush.
Describe the habit of bulrush.
Describe the habit of gewöhnliche teichsimse.
Describe the habit of sjøsevaks.
Describe the habit of sø-kogleaks.
Describe the habit of järvikaisla.
Describe the habit of votasef.
Describe the habit of säv.
Describe the habit of river bean.
Describe the habit of Mwethia.
Describe the habit of Muzimbandeya.
Describe the habit of foxtail millet.
Describe the habit of millet foxtail.
Describe the habit of hay millet.
Describe the habit of foxtail bristle-grass.
Describe the habit of boer millet.
Describe the habit of German millet.
Describe the habit of Italian millet.
Describe the habit of nunbank setaria.
Describe the habit of kolbenhirse.
Describe the habit of kolvhirs.
Describe the habit of äkta kolvhirs.
Describe the habit of stor busthirse.
Describe the habit of Italianpantaheinä.
Describe the habit of bwa blan.
Describe the habit of bwa fwenn.
Describe the habit of doliv.
Describe the habit of fwenn.
Describe the habit of bitter damson.
Describe the habit of princess tree.
Describe the habit of simarouba.
Describe the habit of bois amer.
Describe the habit of quinquina d‚Europe.
Describe the habit of acajou blanc.
Describe the habit of daguilla.
Describe the habit of daguillo.
Describe the habit of gavilan.
Describe the habit of juan primero.
Describe the habit of laguilla olivio.
Describe the habit of palo amargo.
Describe the habit of Simaruba.
Describe the habit of jojoba.
Describe the habit of goat-nut.
Describe the habit of deernut.
Describe the habit of jojowi.
Describe the habit of bucknut.
Describe the habit of coffee nut.
Describe the habit of pig nut.
Describe the habit of lemon leaf.
Describe the habit of bushnut.
Describe the habit of white mustard.
Describe the habit of English mustard.
Describe the habit of mustard seed.
Describe the habit of mostaza.
Describe the habit of moutarde.
Describe the habit of Senfsaat.
Describe the habit of senap.
Describe the habit of sennep.
Describe the habit of khardal.
Describe the habit of mosterd.
Describe the habit of senape.
Describe the habit of mastarda.
Describe the habit of gorshitsa.
Describe the habit of shiro-karashi.
Describe the habit of chieh.
Describe the habit of Sinapis albae semen.
Describe the habit of Brassica nigrae semen.
Describe the habit of Oleum sinapi.
Describe the habit of Brassica junceae semen.
Describe the habit of scarlet eggplant.
Describe the habit of Ethiopian eggplant.
Describe the habit of African bitter pea-aubergine.
Describe the habit of wild pea-aubergine.
Describe the habit of wild African aubergine.
Describe the habit of tomato-fruited eggplant.
Describe the habit of mock tomato.
Describe the habit of aubergine amère.
Describe the habit of petite bringelle maronne.
Describe the habit of xiao gu qie.
Describe the habit of xiao ku fan qie.
Describe the habit of cocona shrub.
Describe the habit of Indian rennet.
Describe the habit of igba.
Describe the habit of ingulla.
Describe the habit of inboye.
Describe the habit of hidi (Galinya).
Describe the habit of apple of Sodam.
Describe the habit of bitter apple.
Describe the habit of bitterappel.
Describe the habit of gboma eggplant.
Describe the habit of African eggplant.
Describe the habit of anthora.
Describe the habit of garden egg.
Describe the habit of ornamental eggplant.
Describe the habit of tomato-fruited eggplant.
Describe the habit of red-fruited eggplant.
Describe the habit of orange-fruited eggplant.
Describe the habit of scarlet eggplant.
Describe the habit of Thai eggplant.
Describe the habit of aubergine africaine.
Describe the habit of aubergine d'Afrique.
Describe the habit of aubergine amère.
Describe the habit of aubergine orangée.
Describe the habit of aubergine ornementale.
Describe the habit of aubergine gboma.
Describe the habit of grosse anghive.
Describe the habit of berenjena.
Describe the habit of Afrikansk ægplante.
Describe the habit of Afrikaanse aubergine.
Describe the habit of antroewa.
Describe the habit of Afrikanische eierpflanze.
Describe the habit of melanzana petonciano.
Describe the habit of sennari nasu.
Describe the habit of terong santan.
Describe the habit of terong rapoh.
Describe the habit of terong engkol.
Describe the habit of terong kelapa.
Describe the habit of beringela africana.
Describe the habit of terong gayung.
Describe the habit of Afrikansk äggplanta.
Describe the habit of bitter potato.
Describe the habit of choquepito.
Describe the habit of ococuri.
Describe the habit of luki.
Describe the habit of ruke.
Describe the habit of hausa potato.
Describe the habit of coleus.
Describe the habit of coleus potato.
Describe the habit of chinese potato.
Describe the habit of country potato.
Describe the habit of ratala.
Describe the habit of Sudan-potato.
Describe the habit of pomme de terre du Soudan.
Describe the habit of hausakartoffel.
Describe the habit of koorka.
Describe the habit of patata de los hausas.
Describe the habit of kembifi.
Describe the habit of ubi kembili.
Describe the habit of innala.
Describe the habit of ketang.
Describe the habit of fra-fra-salanga.
Describe the habit of koorkan.
Describe the habit of fra-fra potato.
Describe the habit of saluga.
Describe the habit of tumuku.
Describe the habit of fabirama.
Describe the habit of European mountain ash.
Describe the habit of weeping mountain ash.
Describe the habit of rowan.
Describe the habit of rowanberry.
Describe the habit of rountree.
Describe the habit of quick beam.
Describe the habit of whitty.
Describe the habit of sorbier.
Describe the habit of Eberesche.
Describe the habit of Vogelbeerbaum.
Describe the habit of rogn.
Describe the habit of almindelig røn.
Describe the habit of kotipihlaja.
Describe the habit of pihlaja.
Describe the habit of reynivi›ur.
Describe the habit of sorbo degli uccelli.
Describe the habit of sorbo degli uccellatori.
Describe the habit of Sorbi fructus.
Describe the habit of tramazeira.
Describe the habit of sorveira brava.
Describe the habit of lamagueira.
Describe the habit of escancerejo.
Describe the habit of cornogodinho.
Describe the habit of serviceberry.
Describe the habit of service tree.
Describe the habit of beam tree.
Describe the habit of checker tree.
Describe the habit of speierling.
Describe the habit of sorveira.
Describe the habit of sorveira brava.
Describe the habit of pau-vaca.
Describe the habit of African yam bean.
Describe the habit of tuber bean.
Describe the habit of Afrikanische yambohne.
Describe the habit of girigiri.
Describe the habit of red mombin.
Describe the habit of Spanish plum.
Describe the habit of mombin rouge.
Describe the habit of prunier d'Espagne.
Describe the habit of ciruelo.
Describe the habit of kedondong seberang.
Describe the habit of kedondong cocok.
Describe the habit of siniguelas.
Describe the habit of jocote.
Describe the habit of chickweed.
Describe the habit of common chickweed.
Describe the habit of vassarve.
Describe the habit of almindelig fuglegras.
Describe the habit of pihatähtimö.
Describe the habit of haugarfi.
Describe the habit of Vogelmiere.
Describe the habit of våtarv.
Describe the habit of Stellariae herba.
Describe the habit of bush orange.
Describe the habit of corky bark.
Describe the habit of monkey orange.
Describe the habit of wild orange.
Describe the habit of sauer nut.
Describe the habit of geelklapper.
Describe the habit of mpera-mwitu.
Describe the habit of mtonga.
Describe the habit of kurkbasklapper.
Describe the habit of groenklapper.
Describe the habit of elephant orange.
Describe the habit of monkey ball.
Describe the habit of monkey orange.
Describe the habit of Natal orange.
Describe the habit of spiny monkey ball.
Describe the habit of kaffir orange.
Describe the habit of mpapa.
Describe the habit of mtonga.
Describe the habit of angora (Galinya.
Describe the habit of Harar).
Describe the habit of green monkey apple.
Describe the habit of spiny monkey apple.
Describe the habit of water berry.
Describe the habit of waterbessie.
Describe the habit of umdoni waterberry.
Describe the habit of umdoni.
Describe the habit of waterwood.
Describe the habit of waterhout.
Describe the habit of monhlo.
Describe the habit of montlho.
Describe the habit of umcozi.
Describe the habit of muthwa.
Describe the habit of muhlwa.
Describe the habit of mutu.
Describe the habit of umswi.
Describe the habit of umjome.
Describe the habit of dandelion.
Describe the habit of common dandelion.
Describe the habit of pissenlit.
Describe the habit of Löwenzahn.
Describe the habit of dente di leone.
Describe the habit of mælkeb¢tte.
Describe the habit of perdeblom.
Describe the habit of plant dissel.
Describe the habit of umashwababa.
Describe the habit of irwabe lenyoka.
Describe the habit of Tanaceti herba.
Describe the habit of Tanaceti flos.
Describe the habit of cupuassu.
Describe the habit of copoasú.
Describe the habit of cupuasú.
Describe the habit of cacao blanco.
Describe the habit of cupuaçuzeiro.
Describe the habit of cupuaçu.
Describe the habit of pupuaçu.
Describe the habit of mahanim.
Describe the habit of tun.
Describe the habit of tuni.
Describe the habit of taung-tama.
Describe the habit of taw thamgo.
Describe the habit of thit kador.
Describe the habit of Australian red cedar.
Describe the habit of Burma cedar.
Describe the habit of Indian cedar.
Describe the habit of moulmein cedar.
Describe the habit of Queensland red cedar.
Describe the habit of red cedar.
Describe the habit of toon.
Describe the habit of danupra.
Describe the habit of cedre rouge.
Describe the habit of lim.
Describe the habit of kukoru.
Describe the habit of malapoga.
Describe the habit of suren kapar.
Describe the habit of suren mal.
Describe the habit of chomcha.
Describe the habit of mai-yom-horm.
Describe the habit of ranggoh.
Describe the habit of surian limpaga.
Describe the habit of cedro.
Describe the habit of mala-vembu.
Describe the habit of santhana-vembu.
Describe the habit of thevetharem.
Describe the habit of yom-hom.
Describe the habit of l[as]t kh[es]t.
Describe the habit of meadow salsify.
Describe the habit of goat's beard.
Describe the habit of star of Jerusalem.
Describe the habit of Joseph's-flower.
Describe the habit of Jack-go-to-bed-at-noon.
Describe the habit of Johnny-go-to-bed.
Describe the habit of sleep-at-noon.
Describe the habit of white arrow arum.
Describe the habit of myrobalan.
Describe the habit of garden vetch.
Describe the habit of common vetch.
Describe the habit of slimleaf vetch.
Describe the habit of vetch.
Describe the habit of corn.
Describe the habit of alholva.
Describe the habit of heno griego.
Describe the habit of fenugrec.
Describe the habit of Bockshornklee.
Describe the habit of bockhornskloever.
Describe the habit of hulba.
Describe the habit of fenegriek.
Describe the habit of fieno greco.
Describe the habit of alforva.
Describe the habit of pazhitnik.
Describe the habit of koroha.
Describe the habit of k'u-tou.
Describe the habit of Trigonellae foeni-graeci semen.
Describe the habit of sunko (Galinya).
Describe the habit of abacheh.
Describe the habit of abacham.
Describe the habit of club wheat.
Describe the habit of durum wheat.
Describe the habit of Macaroni wheat.
Describe the habit of blé dur.
Describe the habit of trigo duro.
Describe the habit of grano duro.
Describe the habit of durum weizen.
Describe the habit of hartweizen.
Describe the habit of durum hvede.
Describe the habit of durum vete.
Describe the habit of durum kveite.
Describe the habit of ying li xiao mai.
Describe the habit of alkamh assalb.
Describe the habit of lúa mì cúng.
Describe the habit of spelt wheat.
Describe the habit of wheat - spelt.
Describe the habit of farro.
Describe the habit of dinkel.
Describe the habit of German wheat.
Describe the habit of marama bean.
Describe the habit of morama nut.
Describe the habit of braaiboontjie.
Describe the habit of gemsbok bean.
Describe the habit of tamarni.
Describe the habit of thamani berry.
Describe the habit of marama.
Describe the habit of marami.
Describe the habit of morama.
Describe the habit of ombanui.
Describe the habit of gami.
Describe the habit of tsi.
Describe the habit of tsin bean.
Describe the habit of maramaboontjie.
Describe the habit of gemsbokboontjie.
Describe the habit of N!Gham.
Describe the habit of sanveldneut.
Describe the habit of small reed mace.
Describe the habit of narrow-leaved cattail.
Describe the habit of lesser bulrush.
Describe the habit of narrow-leaf cat-tail.
Describe the habit of narrowleaf cattail.
Describe the habit of totora.
Describe the habit of espandana.
Describe the habit of kleine lisdodde.
Describe the habit of schmalblättriger rohrkolben.
Describe the habit of smalt dunkjevle.
Describe the habit of smalbladet dunhammer.
Describe the habit of kapeaosmankäämi.
Describe the habit of smalkaveldun.
Describe the habit of smalbladigt kaveldun.
Describe the habit of reed mace.
Describe the habit of broad-leaved cattail.
Describe the habit of broad-leaf cat-tail.
Describe the habit of broadleaf cattail.
Describe the habit of bulrush.
Describe the habit of cattail.
Describe the habit of common cat-tail.
Describe the habit of gama.
Describe the habit of great reedmace.
Describe the habit of grote lisdodde.
Describe the habit of breitt dunkjevle.
Describe the habit of bredbladet dunhammer.
Describe the habit of leveäosmankäämi.
Describe the habit of breitblättriger rohrkolben.
Describe the habit of bredkaveldun.
Describe the habit of bredbladigt kaveldun.
Describe the habit of kaveldun.
Describe the habit of wild loquat.
Describe the habit of West African loquat.
Describe the habit of mkusu.
Describe the habit of muzanje.
Describe the habit of umhobohobo.
Describe the habit of nkusu.
Describe the habit of nettle.
Describe the habit of ortie.
Describe the habit of brennessel.
Describe the habit of ortica.
Describe the habit of annual nettle.
Describe the habit of small nettle.
Describe the habit of brænde nælde.
Describe the habit of liden nælde.
Describe the habit of kleine brennessel.
Describe the habit of brenninetla.
Describe the habit of rautanokkonen.
Describe the habit of smånesle.
Describe the habit of etternässla.
Describe the habit of common bladderwort.
Describe the habit of almindelig blærerod.
Describe the habit of low-bush blueberry.
Describe the habit of late sweet blueberry.
Describe the habit of low sweet blueberry.
Describe the habit of sweet hurts.
Describe the habit of mirtilho de folhas estreitas.
Describe the habit of uva do monte de folhas estreitas.
Describe the habit of upland lowbush blueberry.
Describe the habit of high-bush blueberry.
Describe the habit of swamp blueberry.
Describe the habit of American blueberry.
Describe the habit of blueberry.
Describe the habit of mirtilho dos pantanos.
Describe the habit of airelle d'Amérique.
Describe the habit of amerikanische Blueberry.
Describe the habit of arándano americano.
Describe the habit of cranberry.
Describe the habit of American cranberry.
Describe the habit of cultivated cranberry.
Describe the habit of large cranberry.
Describe the habit of large bearberry.
Describe the habit of arando de cultura.
Describe the habit of ronce d'Amérique.
Describe the habit of große Moosbeere.
Describe the habit of Kranbeere.
Describe the habit of arándano americano.
Describe the habit of arándano trepador.
Describe the habit of bilberry.
Describe the habit of blueberry.
Describe the habit of moorberry.
Describe the habit of hartberry.
Describe the habit of hurtleberry.
Describe the habit of whortleberry.
Describe the habit of dwarf bilberry.
Describe the habit of whinberry.
Describe the habit of blåbær.
Describe the habit of mirtilho.
Describe the habit of mirtilo.
Describe the habit of arando.
Describe the habit of airela.
Describe the habit of myrtille.
Describe the habit of Heidelbeere.
Describe the habit of mirtillo.
Describe the habit of European cranberry.
Describe the habit of Alpine blueberry.
Describe the habit of marshberry.
Describe the habit of clusterberry.
Describe the habit of foxberry.
Describe the habit of flowering foxberry.
Describe the habit of cowberry.
Describe the habit of lingberry.
Describe the habit of lingenberry.
Describe the habit of lingonberry.
Describe the habit of mountain cranberry.
Describe the habit of rock cranberry.
Describe the habit of tyttebær.
Describe the habit of arando da Europa.
Describe the habit of Preiselbeere.
Describe the habit of false medlar.
Describe the habit of wild medlar.
Describe the habit of velvet wild-medlar.
Describe the habit of wildemispel.
Describe the habit of grootmispel.
Describe the habit of mispel.
Describe the habit of mviru.
Describe the habit of viru.
Describe the habit of Muiru.
Describe the habit of mviru muiru.
Describe the habit of umThulwa.
Describe the habit of umVili.
Describe the habit of umViyo.
Describe the habit of umNtulwa.
Describe the habit of umNtuli.
Describe the habit of iMandulu.
Describe the habit of mmilo.
Describe the habit of muzwilu.
Describe the habit of umVilo.
Describe the habit of monyunwana.
Describe the habit of mothwanyê.
Describe the habit of mpfilwa.
Describe the habit of common wild medlar.
Describe the habit of voavanga.
Describe the habit of Spanish tamarind.
Describe the habit of mviru.
Describe the habit of harnkeren.
Describe the habit of modhukaantaa (Konsogna).
Describe the habit of buriri (Borena).
Describe the habit of vervain.
Describe the habit of European vervain.
Describe the habit of herb of the cross.
Describe the habit of sacred weed.
Describe the habit of holywort.
Describe the habit of pigeon's-grass.
Describe the habit of Juno's tears.
Describe the habit of jernurt.
Describe the habit of verbena.
Describe the habit of gerbao.
Describe the habit of urgebao.
Describe the habit of Eisenkraut.
Describe the habit of Verbenae herba.
Describe the habit of bitterleaf.
Describe the habit of grawa.
Describe the habit of ebicha (Galinya).
Describe the habit of dumoga (Harar).
Describe the habit of dumoga (Galinya).
Describe the habit of bard vetch.
Describe the habit of ervilha parda.
Describe the habit of parda.
Describe the habit of garroba.
Describe the habit of bambara groundnut.
Describe the habit of bambara bean.
Describe the habit of jugo bean.
Describe the habit of jugoboon.
Describe the habit of izidlubu.
Describe the habit of njugo (South Africa).
Describe the habit of nyimo.
Describe the habit of voanjo.
Describe the habit of njugu mawe.
Describe the habit of ditloo marapo.
Describe the habit of indlubu.
Describe the habit of mani.
Describe the habit of blackeyed pea.
Describe the habit of asparagus bean.
Describe the habit of yard long bean.
Describe the habit of vegetable cowpea.
Describe the habit of pole sitao.
Describe the habit of black-eyed pea.
Describe the habit of cow pea.
Describe the habit of cowpea.
Describe the habit of crowder pea.
Describe the habit of southern pea.
Describe the habit of zombi pea.
Describe the habit of wild mung bean.
Describe the habit of wild cowpea.
Describe the habit of pois poison.
Describe the habit of pois zombi.
Describe the habit of ye jiang dou.
Describe the habit of fuji sasage.
Describe the habit of thwàx phi.
Describe the habit of qua.
Describe the habit of aka sasage.
Describe the habit of bejuco marrullero.
Describe the habit of chorreque.
Describe the habit of shea nut.
Describe the habit of bambouk butter tree.
Describe the habit of galam butter tree.
Describe the habit of karité.
Describe the habit of Afetewa.
Describe the habit of black plum.
Describe the habit of muxiloxilo.
Describe the habit of galbihi.
Describe the habit of dinya.
Describe the habit of ucha koro.
Describe the habit of mfudu.
Describe the habit of mfuu.
Describe the habit of oori-nla.
Describe the habit of Plem (Amargna).
Describe the habit of Silanri (Ari).
Describe the habit of moru oak.
Describe the habit of meru oak.
Describe the habit of mfuu.
Describe the habit of fox grape.
Describe the habit of skunk grape.
Describe the habit of plum grape.
Describe the habit of Isabella grape.
Describe the habit of Labrusca grape.
Describe the habit of uva de raposa.
Describe the habit of labrusca.
Describe the habit of muscadine grape.
Describe the habit of Southern fox grape.
Describe the habit of scuppernong grape.
Describe the habit of bullace grape.
Describe the habit of vinha americana.
Describe the habit of muscardinia.
Describe the habit of pepper bark tree.
Describe the habit of East African greenheart.
Describe the habit of Ol-msogoni.
Describe the habit of muthiga.
Describe the habit of Yucca.
Describe the habit of spineless yucca.
Describe the habit of sweet corn.
Describe the habit of sweet maize.
Describe the habit of milho doce.
Describe the habit of Teosinte.
Describe the habit of Machurian wild rice.
Describe the habit of cizania da Manchuria.
Describe the habit of water bamboo.
Describe the habit of coba.
Describe the habit of kuw-sun.
Describe the habit of kwo-bai.
Describe the habit of jiao-bai.
Describe the habit of makomo dake.
Describe the habit of buffalo thorn.
Describe the habit of Cape thorn.
Describe the habit of blinkblaar-wag-'n-bietjie.
Describe the habit of Koopta (Konsogna).
Describe the habit of Ado kurkura (Amargna).
Describe the habit of Foch (Amargna).
Describe the habit of Gammo-gadie (Wolayetgna).
Describe the habit of buffelsdoring.
Describe the habit of umPhafa.
Describe the habit of umhlahlankosi.
Describe the habit of isilahla.
Describe the habit of umkhobonga.
Describe the habit of umlahlabantu.
Describe the habit of mphasamhala.
Describe the habit of mokgalo.
Describe the habit of moonaona.
Describe the habit of mukhalu.
Describe the habit of mutshetshete.
Describe the habit of omukaru.
Describe the habit of omukekete (Ovambo).
Describe the habit of aros.
Describe the habit of buffalo-thorn jujube.
Describe the habit of haak-en-steek-wag-'n-bietjie.
Describe the habit of mokgalwa.
Describe the habit of mokalabata.
Describe the habit of isilahlankosi.
Describe the habit of cat thorn.
Describe the habit of bogwood.
Describe the habit of katdoring.
Describe the habit of eelgrass.
Describe the habit of sea-wrack.
Describe the habit of grass-wrack.
Describe the habit of sea grass.
Describe the habit of ulva marina.
Describe the habit of limo de fita.
Describe the habit of ceba do rio.
Describe the habit of zostera marinha.
Describe the habit of zozima.
Describe the habit of cirigo.
Describe the habit of papaw.
Describe the habit of radish.
Describe the habit of cowpea.
Describe the habit of cow pea.
Describe the habit of purple loosestrife.
Describe the habit of bugle.
Describe the habit of common bugle.
Describe the habit of bugleweed.
Describe the habit of carpet bugle.
Describe the habit of erva de Sao Lourenco.
Describe the habit of ajuga.
Describe the habit of bugula.
Describe the habit of lingua de boi.
Describe the habit of azeviche.
Describe the habit of ajugaiba.
Describe the habit of erva ferrea.
Describe the habit of Cape Water-hawthorn.
Describe the habit of waterblommetjie.
Describe the habit of vleikos.
Describe the habit of Cape pond weed.
Describe the habit of water hawthorn.
Describe the habit of Cape asparagus.
Describe the habit of bearberry.
Describe the habit of bear's-grape.
Describe the habit of fox plum.
Describe the habit of creashak.
Describe the habit of larb.
Describe the habit of Indian wort.
Describe the habit of sandberry.
Describe the habit of kinnikinick.
Describe the habit of mealberry.
Describe the habit of hog-cranberry.
Describe the habit of uva-ursina.
Describe the habit of uva de urso.
Describe the habit of medronheiro ursino.
Describe the habit of swamp milkweed.
Describe the habit of swamp silkweed.
Describe the habit of white indian hemp.
Describe the habit of showy milkweed.
Describe the habit of common milkweed.
Describe the habit of Siberian peashrub.
Describe the habit of southern nettle tree.
Describe the habit of bagolaro.
Describe the habit of Zürgelbaum.
Describe the habit of Nesselbaum.
Describe the habit of hawthorn.
Describe the habit of English hawthorn.
Describe the habit of evergreen thorn.
Describe the habit of albespine.
Describe the habit of may-tree.
Describe the habit of aubepine.
Describe the habit of Weißdorn.
Describe the habit of biancospino.
Describe the habit of escrambulheiro.
Describe the habit of espinheiro bravo.
Describe the habit of rundhagtorn.
Describe the habit of hagtorn.
Describe the habit of parkhagtorn.
Describe the habit of almindelig hvidtjørn.
Describe the habit of pyöröliuskaorapihlaja.
Describe the habit of midland hawthorn.
Describe the habit of zweigriffeliger Weißdorn.
Describe the habit of Crataegi summitas.
Describe the habit of Crataegi fructus.
Describe the habit of field eryngo.
Describe the habit of roseapple.
Describe the habit of pitahaya.
Describe the habit of strawberry pear.
Describe the habit of red pitaya.
Describe the habit of dragon fruit.
Describe the habit of pitaya.
Describe the habit of pellitory.
Describe the habit of wall pellitory.
Describe the habit of pellitory of the wall.
Describe the habit of Glaskraut.
Describe the habit of stone fern wort.
Describe the habit of Parietariae herba.
Describe the habit of pickerel weed.
Describe the habit of pickerelweed.
Describe the habit of wampee.
Describe the habit of common plum.
Describe the habit of garden plum.
Describe the habit of European plum.
Describe the habit of quetschen plum.
Describe the habit of Pflaume.
Describe the habit of Zwetschge.
Describe the habit of Quetsche.
Describe the habit of prune.
Describe the habit of prugno.
Describe the habit of susino.
Describe the habit of ameixa.
Describe the habit of ameixeira.
Describe the habit of ciruela.
Describe the habit of seaside brookweed.
Describe the habit of brookweed.
Describe the habit of salzbunge.
Describe the habit of strandsamel.
Describe the habit of bunge.
Describe the habit of samel.
Describe the habit of suolapunka.
Describe the habit of bur-reed.
Describe the habit of branched bur-reed.
Describe the habit of aufrechter igelkolben.
Describe the habit of kjempe-piggknopp.
Describe the habit of grenet pindsvineknop.
Describe the habit of småfrugtet pindsvineknop.
Describe the habit of haarapalpakko.
Describe the habit of kantvass.
Describe the habit of storigelknopp.
Describe the habit of vanlig storigelknopp.
Describe the habit of grenigelknopp.
Describe the habit of Devil's bit scabious.
Describe the habit of ofbit.
Describe the habit of itch.
Describe the habit of blue scabious.
Describe the habit of blue buttons.
Describe the habit of morso diabolico.
Describe the habit of morte do diabo.
Describe the habit of escabiosa.
Describe the habit of black bryony.
Describe the habit of black bindweed.
Describe the habit of murraim berry.
Describe the habit of houndsberry.
Describe the habit of lady's-seal.
Describe the habit of fruesegl.
Describe the habit of baganha.
Describe the habit of uva de cao.
Describe the habit of norca preta.
Describe the habit of tamo.
Describe the habit of water chestnut.
Describe the habit of water caltrop.
Describe the habit of water nut.
Describe the habit of horn chestnut.
Describe the habit of Jesuit's nut.
Describe the habit of saligot.
Describe the habit of castanha de agua.
Describe the habit of bull nut.
Describe the habit of vassnøtt.
Describe the habit of hornnød.
Describe the habit of wassernuß.
Describe the habit of sjönöt.
Describe the habit of bitter vetch.
Describe the habit of lentil vetch.
Describe the habit of pigeon‚s pea.
Describe the habit of French erse.
Describe the habit of lenteja bastarda.
Describe the habit of lentille bâtarde.
Describe the habit of pois de pigeon.
Describe the habit of kirsannah.
Describe the habit of kuyewandou.
Describe the habit of Linsenwicke.
Describe the habit of ervilha de pombo.
Describe the habit of erven.
Describe the habit of erfva.
Describe the habit of erve.
Describe the habit of orobo.
Describe the habit of erb.
Describe the habit of pesette.
Describe the habit of ervum.
Describe the habit of alarceña.
Describe the habit of alcarceña.
Describe the habit of alcarraceña.
Describe the habit of alcaruna.
Describe the habit of alliez.
Describe the habit of alverja.
Describe the habit of alverjana.
Describe the habit of arveja.
Describe the habit of capogirlo.
Describe the habit of cicerchia.
Describe the habit of comin.
Describe the habit of er.
Describe the habit of eros.
Describe the habit of erp.
Describe the habit of ers.
Describe the habit of erse.
Describe the habit of Ervenlinse.
Describe the habit of Ervenwicke.
Describe the habit of ervil.
Describe the habit of ervilier.
Describe the habit of ervilla.
Describe the habit of ervilliere.
Describe the habit of ervo.
Describe the habit of ervos.
Describe the habit of Eselsohren.
Describe the habit of essez.
Describe the habit of faux orobe.
Describe the habit of fregellini.
Describe the habit of gero.
Describe the habit of girlo.
Describe the habit of girón.
Describe the habit of goirils.
Describe the habit of Gute erve.
Describe the habit of herb.
Describe the habit of herén.
Describe the habit of herp.
Describe the habit of hiero.
Describe the habit of ingrassabue.
Describe the habit of jarosse.
Describe the habit of Kamellinse.
Describe the habit of aersana.
Describe the habit of kirsene.
Describe the habit of kirsenne.
Describe the habit of Knotenerve.
Describe the habit of Knotenfrüchtige Wicke.
Describe the habit of kursenne.
Describe the habit of lentille ers.
Describe the habit of lentille ervillière.
Describe the habit of lentille noir.
Describe the habit of leri.
Describe the habit of lero.
Describe the habit of marroiço.
Describe the habit of marroio.
Describe the habit of marruiço.
Describe the habit of mochi.
Describe the habit of mocho.
Describe the habit of moco.
Describe the habit of mosch.
Describe the habit of officinal tare.
Describe the habit of orobe bâtard.
Describe the habit of orobes des boutiques.
Describe the habit of orobo das boticas.
Describe the habit of orobos.
Describe the habit of pois mauresque.
Describe the habit of rhobidia.
Describe the habit of robai.
Describe the habit of robi.
Describe the habit of rubiglia.
Describe the habit of Saaterve.
Describe the habit of Saatwicklinse.
Describe the habit of seros.
Describe the habit of Stachelwicke.
Describe the habit of Steinlinse.
Describe the habit of straccabue.
Describe the habit of titos.
Describe the habit of tragellini.
Describe the habit of vèccioli.
Describe the habit of vèggioli.
Describe the habit of vesce amére.
Describe the habit of vesce.
Describe the habit of ber.
Describe the habit of cottony.
Describe the habit of Indian jujube.
Describe the habit of desert apple.
Describe the habit of Chinese apple.
Describe the habit of jujubier.
Describe the habit of anafega da India.
Describe the habit of widara.
Describe the habit of bidara.
Describe the habit of manzanitas.
Describe the habit of phutsaa.
Describe the habit of putrea.
Describe the habit of than.
Describe the habit of tao nhuc.
Describe the habit of sidr.
Describe the habit of beri.
Describe the habit of gob.
Describe the habit of abateri.
Describe the habit of wag'n bietjie.
Describe the habit of mkunazi.
Describe the habit of gava.
Describe the habit of ghob.
Describe the habit of gheb.
Describe the habit of jumuba.
Describe the habit of kurkura (Galinya.
Describe the habit of Harar).
Describe the habit of gusura (Afargna).
Describe the habit of Mexican avocado.
Describe the habit of Guatemalan avocado.
Describe the habit of West Indian avocado.
Describe the habit of kang kong.
Describe the habit of sow pea.
Describe the habit of intip-intip.
Describe the habit of wild ginger.
Describe the habit of wildegemmer.
Describe the habit of sidvungulu.
Describe the habit of indungulu.
Describe the habit of isiphepheto.
Describe the habit of lamb's-quarters.
Describe the habit of pigweed.
Describe the habit of fat hen.
Describe the habit of frost blite.
Describe the habit of mutton tops.
Describe the habit of dirtweed.
Describe the habit of lamb's quarters.
Describe the habit of dirty dick.
Describe the habit of midden myles.
Describe the habit of baconweed.
Describe the habit of cenizo blanco.
Describe the habit of weißer gänsefuß.
Describe the habit of svinmålla.
Describe the habit of mjölmålla.
Describe the habit of vitmålla.
Describe the habit of meldestokk.
Describe the habit of hvidmelet gåsefod.
Describe the habit of jauhosavikka.
Describe the habit of hélunjóli.
Describe the habit of anchusa.
Describe the habit of blue alkanet.
Describe the habit of Italian bugloss.
Describe the habit of erva-sangue.
Describe the habit of erva do figado.
Describe the habit of water primrose.
Describe the habit of creeping waterprimrose.
Describe the habit of red ludwigia.
Describe the habit of water shamrock.
Describe the habit of water clover fern.
Describe the habit of marsilea.
Describe the habit of marsilia.
Describe the habit of water clover.
Describe the habit of European pepperwort.
Describe the habit of European waterclover.
Describe the habit of pepperwort.
Describe the habit of Australian four leafed clover.
Describe the habit of creeping cinquefoil.
Describe the habit of sickle-leaved yellow-wood.
Describe the habit of outeniqua.
Describe the habit of East African yellow wood.
Describe the habit of outeninqua yellow wood.
Describe the habit of podo.
Describe the habit of outeniekwageelhout.
Describe the habit of zigba.
Describe the habit of umSonti.
Describe the habit of uNomphumelo.
Describe the habit of umHlenhlane.
Describe the habit of umGeya.
Describe the habit of umKhandangoma.
Describe the habit of umPume.
Describe the habit of umKhoba.
Describe the habit of Umceya.
Describe the habit of Common yellowwood.
Describe the habit of borasusspalm.
Describe the habit of zembaba.
Describe the habit of deleib.
Describe the habit of chibangalala.
Describe the habit of kakoma.
Describe the habit of kambili.
Describe the habit of African fan palm.
Describe the habit of borassus palm.
Describe the habit of palmyra palm.
Describe the habit of ron palm.
Describe the habit of rônier.
Describe the habit of dubbi.
Describe the habit of giginya.
Describe the habit of ubiri.
Describe the habit of kankoma.
Describe the habit of mukulwani.
Describe the habit of mulala.
Describe the habit of katuugo.
Describe the habit of nyalango.
Describe the habit of rhun.
Describe the habit of sibo.
Describe the habit of mvumo.
Describe the habit of abgon-eye.
Describe the habit of Indian laurel fig.
Describe the habit of incendeira.
Describe the habit of wild seringa.
Describe the habit of burkea.
Describe the habit of maco.
Describe the habit of wildesering.
Describe the habit of mufhulu.
Describe the habit of monato.
Describe the habit of sandsering.
Describe the habit of red seringa.
Describe the habit of Rhodesian ash.
Describe the habit of mpulu.
Describe the habit of mosheshe.
Describe the habit of mkalati.
Describe the habit of omuparara.
Describe the habit of pinimo (Ghana).
Describe the habit of rooisering.
Describe the habit of violet tree.
Describe the habit of krinkhout.
Describe the habit of marula.
Describe the habit of morula.
Describe the habit of caffra.
Describe the habit of jelly plum.
Describe the habit of maroola nut.
Describe the habit of cat thorn.
Describe the habit of cider tree.
Describe the habit of maroola plum.
Describe the habit of maroela.
Describe the habit of dania.
Describe the habit of mng' ong'o.
Describe the habit of muua.
Describe the habit of ol-mangwai.
Describe the habit of iganu.
Describe the habit of ikanyi.
Describe the habit of umganu.
Describe the habit of umkano.
Describe the habit of canhoeiro.
Describe the habit of ncanhi.
Describe the habit of mutsomo.
Describe the habit of mukwakwa.
Describe the habit of mushomo.
Describe the habit of muganu.
Describe the habit of mupfura.
Describe the habit of pfura.
Describe the habit of mufura.
Describe the habit of mafuna.
Describe the habit of mngongo.
Describe the habit of tsua.
Describe the habit of tsula.
Describe the habit of amaganu.
Describe the habit of tololokwo.
Describe the habit of nkanyi.
Describe the habit of didissa.
Describe the habit of katetalum.
Describe the habit of ufuongo.
Describe the habit of mura.
Describe the habit of umgana.
Describe the habit of mufula.
Describe the habit of pepperbark tree.
Describe the habit of sugarbeet.
Describe the habit of remolacha azucarera.
Describe the habit of betterave à sucre.
Describe the habit of tiancai.
Describe the habit of zuckerruebe.
Describe the habit of barbabietola da zucchero.
Describe the habit of tensai.
Describe the habit of sato daikon.
Describe the habit of sakharnaya svyokla.
Describe the habit of bachanta.
Describe the habit of broom-corn.
Describe the habit of chicken corn.
Describe the habit of cholam.
Describe the habit of durra.
Describe the habit of grain sorghum.
Describe the habit of great millet.
Describe the habit of guinea corn.
Describe the habit of ipwa.
Describe the habit of jawa.
Describe the habit of jola.
Describe the habit of jowar.
Describe the habit of kafir corn.
Describe the habit of kaoliang.
Describe the habit of mashila.
Describe the habit of milo.
Describe the habit of mtama.
Describe the habit of sorghum.
Describe the habit of sorgho.
Describe the habit of sorgo.
Describe the habit of Hirse.
Describe the habit of beech.
Describe the habit of European beech.
Describe the habit of Irish fea.
Describe the habit of buche.
Describe the habit of rotbuche.
Describe the habit of faggio.
Describe the habit of hêtre.
Describe the habit of faia europeia.
Describe the habit of haya.
Describe the habit of bok.
Describe the habit of bøk.
Describe the habit of bøg.
Describe the habit of pyökki.
Describe the habit of honeysuckle.
Describe the habit of Italian honeysuckle.
Describe the habit of Italian woodbine.
Describe the habit of sweet honeysuckle.
Describe the habit of honeybind.
Describe the habit of madressilva dos jardins.
Describe the habit of stemless carline thistle.
Describe the habit of silver thistle.
Describe the habit of ground thistle.
Describe the habit of Silberdistel.
Describe the habit of Stengellose Eberwurz.
Describe the habit of Große Wetterdistel.
Describe the habit of carlina.
Describe the habit of great knapweed.
Describe the habit of Iceland moss.
Describe the habit of Icelandic moss.
Describe the habit of musgo da Islandia.
Describe the habit of liquem da Islandia.
Describe the habit of cetraria.
Describe the habit of eyebright.
Describe the habit of Wiesen-Augentrost.
Describe the habit of finnögontröst.
Describe the habit of ängsögontröst.
Describe the habit of stor ögontröst.
Describe the habit of storaugnetrøst.
Describe the habit of kalk-øjentrøst.
Describe the habit of ahosilmäruoho.
Describe the habit of Euphrasiae herba.
Describe the habit of butterbur.
Describe the habit of arrowleaf butterbur.
Describe the habit of babassu palm.
Describe the habit of babaçu.
Describe the habit of coco de macaco.
Describe the habit of aguassu.
Describe the habit of Atlas lupine.
Describe the habit of fodder radish.
Describe the habit of oil radish.
Describe the habit of oilseed radish.
Describe the habit of nabo forrajero.
Describe the habit of nabo forrageiro.
Describe the habit of Oelrettich.
Describe the habit of sorva.
Describe the habit of milk tree.
Describe the habit of couma.
Describe the habit of sorva pequeña.
Describe the habit of sorveira.
Describe the habit of sorvinha.
Describe the habit of doum palm.
Describe the habit of palma dum.
Describe the habit of mukoma.
Describe the habit of ilala.
Describe the habit of baar.
Describe the habit of qoona (fruit).
Describe the habit of dabell (young).
Describe the habit of qoone (Borana).
Describe the habit of kone (Borana).
Describe the habit of meeti (Borana).
Describe the habit of mkoma (Chonyi).
Describe the habit of kulidhe (Daasanach).
Describe the habit of mkoma (Digo).
Describe the habit of lume (Digo).
Describe the habit of meetti (Gabra).
Describe the habit of mkoma (Giriama).
Describe the habit of lparruai (Ilchamus).
Describe the habit of lparrua (Ilchamus).
Describe the habit of mkoma (Kambe).
Describe the habit of mokoma (Malakote).
Describe the habit of mezi (young) (Malakote).
Describe the habit of irara (Mbeere).
Describe the habit of kone (Orma).
Describe the habit of meti (young) (Orma).
Describe the habit of takuyua (Pokot).
Describe the habit of takaiw'a (Pokot).
Describe the habit of takayua (Pokot).
Describe the habit of gey-i-khooona (Rendille).
Describe the habit of baar (Rendille).
Describe the habit of lparwai (Samburu).
Describe the habit of nkujit-ae-nkeok (Samburu).
Describe the habit of auwaki (Sanya).
Describe the habit of mkoma.
Describe the habit of mkoche.
Describe the habit of mlala.
Describe the habit of mnyaa.
Describe the habit of muaa.
Describe the habit of irara (Taveta).
Describe the habit of muruguyu (Tharaka).
Describe the habit of eeng'ol (Turkana).
Describe the habit of eng'ol (Turkana).
Describe the habit of Dumpalme.
Describe the habit of ahipa.
Describe the habit of yam bean.
Describe the habit of ajipa.
Describe the habit of achipa.
Describe the habit of dabau.
Describe the habit of frijol chuncho.
Describe the habit of judia batata.
Describe the habit of poroto batata.
Describe the habit of asipa.
Describe the habit of villu.
Describe the habit of huitoto.
Describe the habit of andine knollenbone.
Describe the habit of sinkamas.
Describe the habit of yam bean.
Describe the habit of manioc bean.
Describe the habit of potato bean.
Describe the habit of tuberous gram.
Describe the habit of Amazonian yam bean.
Describe the habit of dolique tubéreuse.
Describe the habit of pois patate.
Describe the habit of pois cochon.
Describe the habit of ashipa.
Describe the habit of chuin.
Describe the habit of jícama.
Describe the habit of jiquima.
Describe the habit of yamsbønne.
Describe the habit of sha ge.
Describe the habit of hoewi iris.
Describe the habit of bengkoewang.
Describe the habit of yambohne.
Describe the habit of knollenbohne.
Describe the habit of knollige bohne.
Describe the habit of amazonische jamsbohne.
Describe the habit of amazonische knollenbohne.
Describe the habit of fagiolo patata.
Describe the habit of feijão-jacatupé.
Describe the habit of jacatupé.
Describe the habit of jacutupé.
Describe the habit of jocotupé.
Describe the habit of sinkamas.
Describe the habit of at böyrüce.
Describe the habit of mauka.
Describe the habit of chagos.
Describe the habit of chago.
Describe the habit of chaco.
Describe the habit of arricón.
Describe the habit of yuca inca.
Describe the habit of shallca yuca.
Describe the habit of yuca de la Jalca.
Describe the habit of pega pega.
Describe the habit of cushpe.
Describe the habit of cushipe.
Describe the habit of arracacha de toro.
Describe the habit of camotillo.
Describe the habit of inca.
Describe the habit of miso: Pichincha (Ecuador).
Describe the habit of tazo: Cotopaxi (Ecuador).
Describe the habit of mukukuma.
Describe the habit of kilali.
Describe the habit of mareer booy.
Describe the habit of mudzaladowe (Chonyi).
Describe the habit of mudzaladowe (Giriama).
Describe the habit of mzaladowe (Giriama).
Describe the habit of mudzaladowe (Kambe).
Describe the habit of tamangesyat (Keiyo).
Describe the habit of tarnanges (Keiyo).
Describe the habit of tamangesig (Keiyo).
Describe the habit of malkach (Marakwet).
Describe the habit of tamalak (Marakwet).
Describe the habit of malkatwa (Marakwet).
Describe the habit of tomolokwo (Marakwet).
Describe the habit of tamuketwo (Pokot).
Describe the habit of tomekekwo (Pokot).
Describe the habit of tamrenwo (Pokot).
Describe the habit of mikisia (Pokot).
Describe the habit of molkech (Pokot).
Describe the habit of arrow-poison plant.
Describe the habit of arrow poison tree.
Describe the habit of kivai.
Describe the habit of muricu.
Describe the habit of murichu.
Describe the habit of merez.
Describe the habit of marid.
Describe the habit of keliot.
Describe the habit of karraru (Borana).
Describe the habit of k'arraaru (Gabra).
Describe the habit of kelyot (Kipsigis).
Describe the habit of olmorijoi (Maa).
Describe the habit of mururu (Meru).
Describe the habit of kelion (Pokot).
Describe the habit of ilmorijoi (Samburu).
Describe the habit of kelyon (Tugen).
Describe the habit of ruffle palm.
Describe the habit of coyure palm.
Describe the habit of corozo.
Describe the habit of maracay.
Describe the habit of marará.
Describe the habit of macagüita.
Describe the habit of pale serviceberry.
Describe the habit of pallid serviceberry.
Describe the habit of Utah serviceberry.
Describe the habit of western serviceberry.
Describe the habit of saskatoon serviceberry.
Describe the habit of bergamot orange.
Describe the habit of hollyhock mallow.
Describe the habit of large-flowered mallow.
Describe the habit of pink mallow.
Describe the habit of European mallow.
Describe the habit of vervain mallow.
Describe the habit of sigmarswurz.
Describe the habit of vijfdelig kaasjeskruid.
Describe the habit of Serpylli herba.
Describe the habit of Aetheroleum serpylli.
Describe the habit of hollyhock.
Describe the habit of Malvac arboreae flos.
Describe the habit of great angelica.
Describe the habit of purplestem angelica.
Describe the habit of alexanders.
Describe the habit of American angelica.
Describe the habit of high angelica.
Describe the habit of purple angelica.
Describe the habit of masterwort.
Describe the habit of catchthorn.
Describe the habit of musau.
Describe the habit of khash.
Describe the habit of khashkhash abiad.
Describe the habit of khshkhash.
Describe the habit of pink jacaranda.
Describe the habit of mtafuna panya.
Describe the habit of halleko.
Describe the habit of African moringa tree.
Describe the habit of cabbage tree.
Describe the habit of kohlbaum.
Describe the habit of malung-gay.
Describe the habit of murunga-Kai.
Describe the habit of sohnja.
Describe the habit of wocheletcha.
Describe the habit of wolayetgna.
Describe the habit of guanaguanare.
Describe the habit of palo de garza.
Describe the habit of ambelania.
Describe the habit of pepino do mato.
Describe the habit of pepino-do-mato.
Describe the habit of pepino-doce.
Describe the habit of pau-de-leite.
Describe the habit of ambélanier acide.
Describe the habit of graines-biche.
Describe the habit of papaye biche.
Describe the habit of quimbé-dents.
Describe the habit of camelina.
Describe the habit of false flax.
Describe the habit of gold-of-pleasure.
Describe the habit of gergelim bastardo.
Describe the habit of Siberian oilseed.
Describe the habit of garlic.
Describe the habit of cultivated garlic.
Describe the habit of ail.
Describe the habit of aglio.
Describe the habit of ajo.
Describe the habit of kaliki.
Describe the habit of Knoblauch.
Describe the habit of vitlök.
Describe the habit of hvidløg.
Describe the habit of thum.
Describe the habit of knoflook.
Describe the habit of alho.
Describe the habit of alho de cultura.
Describe the habit of chesnok.
Describe the habit of ninniku.
Describe the habit of suan.
Describe the habit of Bulbus Allii Sativi.
Describe the habit of garlic oil.
Describe the habit of annatto.
Describe the habit of lipstick tree.
Describe the habit of achiote.
Describe the habit of urucum.
Describe the habit of anato.
Describe the habit of arnato.
Describe the habit of bija.
Describe the habit of bijol.
Describe the habit of bixa.
Describe the habit of roucou.
Describe the habit of bixin.
Describe the habit of black mustard.
Describe the habit of brown mustard.
Describe the habit of mustard.
Describe the habit of red mustard.
Describe the habit of yellow mustard.
Describe the habit of wedlock.
Describe the habit of yellow mustard seed.
Describe the habit of indian mustard.
Describe the habit of moutarde noire.
Describe the habit of moutarde brune.
Describe the habit of moutarde de l'Inde.
Describe the habit of moutarde de Chine.
Describe the habit of chou noir.
Describe the habit of mostaza negra.
Describe the habit of mostaza de India.
Describe the habit of khardal aswad.
Describe the habit of mostarda negra.
Describe the habit of mostarda preta.
Describe the habit of senape nero.
Describe the habit of brunsenap.
Describe the habit of svartsenap.
Describe the habit of sennep.
Describe the habit of sort sennep.
Describe the habit of bruine mosterd.
Describe the habit of zwarte mosterd.
Describe the habit of junceamosterd.
Describe the habit of sareptamosterd.
Describe the habit of must kapsasrohi.
Describe the habit of mustardo.
Describe the habit of sinapo.
Describe the habit of mustasinappi.
Describe the habit of moster.
Describe the habit of Schwarzer Senf.
Describe the habit of Schwarz Senf.
Describe the habit of Senfkohl.
Describe the habit of Braunsenf.
Describe the habit of kruv shachor.
Describe the habit of hardal shador.
Describe the habit of fekete mustármag.
Describe the habit of barna mustarmag.
Describe the habit of svartsennep.
Describe the habit of kapusta czarna.
Describe the habit of kapusta gorczyca.
Describe the habit of gorczyca czarna.
Describe the habit of gorchítsa chërnyi.
Describe the habit of kara hardal.
Describe the habit of siyah hardal.
Describe the habit of tohumu.
Describe the habit of moustarda.
Describe the habit of sinaposporos.
Describe the habit of mustaroskorn.
Describe the habit of mustasa.
Describe the habit of kadugu.
Describe the habit of senafich.
Describe the habit of rai.
Describe the habit of lal sarsu.
Describe the habit of biji savi.
Describe the habit of mohari.
Describe the habit of spandaan.
Describe the habit of kuro garashi.
Describe the habit of krishnikaa.
Describe the habit of abba.
Describe the habit of haradali.
Describe the habit of cinnamon.
Describe the habit of true cinnamon.
Describe the habit of canela.
Describe the habit of cannelle.
Describe the habit of Zimt.
Describe the habit of kanel.
Describe the habit of qurfa.
Describe the habit of kaneel.
Describe the habit of cannella.
Describe the habit of koritsa.
Describe the habit of seiron-nikkei.
Describe the habit of jou-kuei.
Describe the habit of jou-kwei.
Describe the habit of Cortex Cinnamomi.
Describe the habit of turmeric.
Describe the habit of common turmeric.
Describe the habit of long turmeric.
Describe the habit of curcuma.
Describe the habit of safran des indes.
Describe the habit of kurkuma-gelbwurzel.
Describe the habit of gurkmeja.
Describe the habit of kurkum.
Describe the habit of geelwortel.
Describe the habit of acafrao-da-India.
Describe the habit of zholty imbir'.
Describe the habit of ukon.
Describe the habit of yu-chin.
Describe the habit of cago.
Describe the habit of rerega.
Describe the habit of haldi.
Describe the habit of kunyit.
Describe the habit of temu kunyit.
Describe the habit of ro miet.
Describe the habit of kunir.
Describe the habit of komeng.
Describe the habit of khi min.
Describe the habit of khmin khun.
Describe the habit of tius.
Describe the habit of lavar.
Describe the habit of tamaravirua.
Describe the habit of aruq as-suff.
Describe the habit of zard-cholic.
Describe the habit of dilaw.
Describe the habit of kalabaga.
Describe the habit of kunik.
Describe the habit of ango.
Describe the habit of ango hina.
Describe the habit of renga.
Describe the habit of re'a.
Describe the habit of avea.
Describe the habit of ago.
Describe the habit of tale's.
Describe the habit of ena.
Describe the habit of khamin.
Describe the habit of khamin kaeng.
Describe the habit of khamin chan.
Describe the habit of nghe.
Describe the habit of nghe vang.
Describe the habit of uat kim.
Describe the habit of khuong hoang.
Describe the habit of co hem.
Describe the habit of co khan min.
Describe the habit of khinh luong.
Describe the habit of West Indian lemon grass.
Describe the habit of sere grass.
Describe the habit of lemon grass.
Describe the habit of ginger grass.
Describe the habit of citronella grass.
Describe the habit of fever grass.
Describe the habit of citronnelle.
Describe the habit of baroni.
Describe the habit of belioko.
Describe the habit of cha phiéc.
Describe the habit of ha wo.
Describe the habit of hau sing khai.
Describe the habit of huong mao.
Describe the habit of mò b'lang.
Describe the habit of phac châu.
Describe the habit of pirheghans.
Describe the habit of sà.
Describe the habit of salai.
Describe the habit of sereh.
Describe the habit of tanglad.
Describe the habit of takhrai.
Describe the habit of tapo.
Describe the habit of ce kala.
Describe the habit of nche awuta.
Describe the habit of ahihia tii.
Describe the habit of hhashel laymum.
Describe the habit of koriko oyibo.
Describe the habit of koko oba.
Describe the habit of cardamom.
Describe the habit of cardamomo.
Describe the habit of cardamome.
Describe the habit of kardamom.
Describe the habit of kardemom.
Describe the habit of elachi.
Describe the habit of hal.
Describe the habit of karudamon.
Describe the habit of pai tou k'ou.
Describe the habit of kardomom.
Describe the habit of kardemome.
Describe the habit of bay leaves.
Describe the habit of laurel leaves.
Describe the habit of laurel.
Describe the habit of laurier.
Describe the habit of Lorbeer.
Describe the habit of Lorbeerbaum.
Describe the habit of lager.
Describe the habit of ghar.
Describe the habit of alloro.
Describe the habit of loureiro.
Describe the habit of lauerbær blade.
Describe the habit of lavr.
Describe the habit of gekkeiju.
Describe the habit of yueh-kuei.
Describe the habit of Japanese mint.
Describe the habit of (<b>Both for nutmeg and mace</b>):-.
Describe the habit of nutmeg.
Describe the habit of Semen Myristicae.
Describe the habit of gewz.
Describe the habit of gasbasa.
Describe the habit of josat al teeb.
Describe the habit of mutwinda.
Describe the habit of rou dou kou.
Describe the habit of jon tou k'ou.
Describe the habit of jon tau kau.
Describe the habit of tau kau.
Describe the habit of nootmuskaat.
Describe the habit of muskatnød.
Describe the habit of lõhnav muskaadipuu.
Describe the habit of muskottipähkin.
Describe the habit of djus hendi.
Describe the habit of noix de muscade.
Describe the habit of muscade.
Describe the habit of Muskatnuß.
Describe the habit of jayfal.
Describe the habit of jaiphal.
Describe the habit of taifal.
Describe the habit of kathal.
Describe the habit of szerecsendió.
Describe the habit of múskat.
Describe the habit of pala.
Describe the habit of noce moscata.
Describe the habit of nikuzuku.
Describe the habit of pock kak.
Describe the habit of chan thed.
Describe the habit of buah pala.
Describe the habit of kembang pala.
Describe the habit of pokok pala.
Describe the habit of jayphal.
Describe the habit of muskatnøtt.
Describe the habit of noz moscada.
Describe the habit of muskatniy orekh.
Describe the habit of jatiphala.
Describe the habit of sadikka.
Describe the habit of moscada.
Describe the habit of nuez moscada.
Describe the habit of muskotnöt.
Describe the habit of duguan.
Describe the habit of chan thet.
Describe the habit of luk chand.
Describe the habit of chan ban.
Describe the habit of zati.
Describe the habit of dza ti.
Describe the habit of küçük hindistancevizi.
Describe the habit of mace.
Describe the habit of foelie.
Describe the habit of muskottikukka.
Describe the habit of fleur de muscade.
Describe the habit of macis.
Describe the habit of German Muskatblüte.
Describe the habit of jaypatri.
Describe the habit of javitri.
Describe the habit of javinthri.
Describe the habit of szerecsendió virág.
Describe the habit of múskath‡›i.
Describe the habit of masi.
Describe the habit of sekar pala.
Describe the habit of fuli.
Describe the habit of Norwegian muskatblomme.
Describe the habit of sushonaya shelukha.
Describe the habit of muskatnogo orekha.
Describe the habit of jatipatra.
Describe the habit of wasa-vasi.
Describe the habit of macia.
Describe the habit of muskotblomma.
Describe the habit of dok chand.
Describe the habit of dau khau.
Describe the habit of nhuc dau khau.
Describe the habit of parsley.
Describe the habit of persil.
Describe the habit of Petersilie.
Describe the habit of prezzemolo.
Describe the habit of perejil.
Describe the habit of persilja.
Describe the habit of persille.
Describe the habit of baqdunis.
Describe the habit of peterselie.
Describe the habit of salsa.
Describe the habit of pyetrushka.
Describe the habit of paseri.
Describe the habit of yang-hu-sui.
Describe the habit of Petroselini folium.
Describe the habit of Petroselini radix.
Describe the habit of black pepper.
Describe the habit of Madagascar pepper.
Describe the habit of pepper.
Describe the habit of pimienta.
Describe the habit of poivre.
Describe the habit of pfeffer.
Describe the habit of pimenta preta.
Describe the habit of pimenta do reino.
Describe the habit of peppar.
Describe the habit of filfil aswad.
Describe the habit of peper.
Describe the habit of pepe.
Describe the habit of pimenta.
Describe the habit of pyerets.
Describe the habit of kasho.
Describe the habit of hu-vhiao.
Describe the habit of patchouli.
Describe the habit of red clover.
Describe the habit of broad red clover.
Describe the habit of broad-leaved clover.
Describe the habit of purple clover.
Describe the habit of meadow clover.
Describe the habit of honey-stalks.
Describe the habit of honeysuckle clover.
Describe the habit of trefle des pres.
Describe the habit of trefle rouge.
Describe the habit of trefle commun.
Describe the habit of Rotklee.
Describe the habit of trifoglio pratense.
Describe the habit of raudkløver.
Describe the habit of rød-kløver.
Describe the habit of puna-apila.
Describe the habit of rau›smári.
Describe the habit of trevo dos prados.
Describe the habit of trebol comun.
Describe the habit of rödklöver.
Describe the habit of rödväpling.
Describe the habit of mjölontuppor.
Describe the habit of Trifolii albi et rubri flos.
Describe the habit of nasturtium.
Describe the habit of kappertjies.
Describe the habit of vanilla.
Describe the habit of vanille.
Describe the habit of baunilha.
Describe the habit of vaniglia.
Describe the habit of vanilj.
Describe the habit of wanila.
Describe the habit of banira.
Describe the habit of hsiang-Ts'ao.
Describe the habit of vanil'.
Describe the habit of vanilie.
Describe the habit of panili.
Describe the habit of anggrek.
Describe the habit of waanilaa.
Describe the habit of tlilxochitl.
Describe the habit of ginger.
Describe the habit of true ginger.
Describe the habit of stem ginger.
Describe the habit of Canton ginger.
Describe the habit of gingembre.
Describe the habit of gember.
Describe the habit of ingwer.
Describe the habit of zenzero.
Describe the habit of gengibre.
Describe the habit of beladi.
Describe the habit of mangarataia.
Describe the habit of jengibre.
Describe the habit of ingefaera.
Describe the habit of ingefær.
Describe the habit of zanjabil.
Describe the habit of imbir'.
Describe the habit of shoga.
Describe the habit of chiang.
Describe the habit of kopakai (Cook I).
Describe the habit of cagolaya ni vavalagi.
Describe the habit of poloi (Niue).
Describe the habit of 'ava pui.
Describe the habit of papasa (Simbo).
Describe the habit of pasapasa (Roviana).
Describe the habit of zingibil.
Describe the habit of dendabil.
Describe the habit of European oregano.
Describe the habit of wild majoram.
Describe the habit of winter marjoram.
Describe the habit of oregano.
Describe the habit of anrar.
Describe the habit of origan.
Describe the habit of dost.
Describe the habit of vild mejram.
Describe the habit of wilde marjolein.
Describe the habit of regamo.
Describe the habit of ouregao.
Describe the habit of dushitsa.
Describe the habit of Rungia.
Describe the habit of garden thyme.
Describe the habit of common thyme.
Describe the habit of thyme.
Describe the habit of thym.
Describe the habit of Thymian.
Describe the habit of tomillo.
Describe the habit of timjan.
Describe the habit of timian.
Describe the habit of sa'tar.
Describe the habit of tijm.
Describe the habit of timo.
Describe the habit of tomilho.
Describe the habit of tim'yan.
Describe the habit of jakoso.
Describe the habit of pai-li-hsiang.
Describe the habit of Thymi vulgaris herba.
Describe the habit of Aetherolum thymi.
Describe the habit of cloves.
Describe the habit of clove.
Describe the habit of tropical myrtle.
Describe the habit of clavo.
Describe the habit of girofle.
Describe the habit of clous de giroffle.
Describe the habit of clou de girofle.
Describe the habit of giroffles.
Describe the habit of giroflier.
Describe the habit of clavos de especial.
Describe the habit of clavero.
Describe the habit of cenkeh.
Describe the habit of lay-hnyin.
Describe the habit of khan phluu.
Describe the habit of kaanz phuu.
Describe the habit of kan phlu.
Describe the habit of dinh huong.
Describe the habit of Gewürznelke.
Describe the habit of Gewürznägelein.
Describe the habit of Kreidenelke.
Describe the habit of Nelke.
Describe the habit of Nägelein.
Describe the habit of kryddnejlika.
Describe the habit of krydder nelliker.
Describe the habit of qaranful.
Describe the habit of kruidnagel.
Describe the habit of garofano.
Describe the habit of chiodi di garofano.
Describe the habit of cravo.
Describe the habit of cvozdika.
Describe the habit of choji.
Describe the habit of ting-hsiang.
Describe the habit of karanfil.
Describe the habit of schafgarbe.
Describe the habit of millefeuille.
Describe the habit of yarrow.
Describe the habit of thousand-leaf.
Describe the habit of milfoil.
Describe the habit of Flores Millefolii.
Describe the habit of Herba Millefolii.
Describe the habit of Folia Millefolii.
Describe the habit of calamus.
Describe the habit of sweetflag.
Describe the habit of acore vrai.
Describe the habit of kalmus.
Describe the habit of bojo.
Describe the habit of kull.
Describe the habit of bach.
Describe the habit of makkalmoes.
Describe the habit of ikalamuzi.
Describe the habit of Rhizoma Calami mundatae.
Describe the habit of Rhizoma Calami crudae.
Describe the habit of Calami radix.
Describe the habit of wood garlic.
Describe the habit of ramsons.
Describe the habit of bear's garlic.
Describe the habit of gypsy onion.
Describe the habit of alho dos bosques.
Describe the habit of aloe.
Describe the habit of bitter aloe.
Describe the habit of bitteraalwyn.
Describe the habit of kaapse aalwyn.
Describe the habit of umhlaba.
Describe the habit of iNhlaba.
Describe the habit of iKhala.
Describe the habit of Lemon Verbena.
Describe the habit of southernwood.
Describe the habit of lad's love.
Describe the habit of old-man.
Describe the habit of brotan.
Describe the habit of abrotanum.
Describe the habit of abrotano.
Describe the habit of flor de Diana.
Describe the habit of erva lombrigueira.
Describe the habit of common wormwood.
Describe the habit of wormwood herb.
Describe the habit of mugwort.
Describe the habit of absinthe.
Describe the habit of Wermutkraut.
Describe the habit of absintio.
Describe the habit of sintro.
Describe the habit of losna maior.
Describe the habit of Herba Absinthii cum floribus.
Describe the habit of Absinthii folium.
Describe the habit of Absinthii herba.
Describe the habit of Aetheroleum absinthii.
Describe the habit of green ginger.
Describe the habit of yerba maestra.
Describe the habit of Ajenjo.
Describe the habit of Altamisa.
Describe the habit of estafiate.
Describe the habit of tarragon.
Describe the habit of dragonwort.
Describe the habit of estragon.
Describe the habit of dragon.
Describe the habit of tarkhun.
Describe the habit of targone.
Describe the habit of estragao.
Describe the habit of ai-hao.
Describe the habit of Dracunculi folium.
Describe the habit of Dracunculi herba.
Describe the habit of Aetheroleum dracunculi.
Describe the habit of tarragon.
Describe the habit of estragon.
Describe the habit of dragonwort.
Describe the habit of felonherb.
Describe the habit of sailor's-tobacco.
Describe the habit of mugwort.
Describe the habit of estragao.
Describe the habit of Artemisiae vulgaris herba.
Describe the habit of Artemisiae vulgaris radix.
Describe the habit of azolla.
Describe the habit of beo-dau.
Describe the habit of self-heal.
Describe the habit of Brazilwood.
Describe the habit of sappanwood.
Describe the habit of sappan.
Describe the habit of pau-Brasil.
Describe the habit of sapao.
Describe the habit of pau de sapao.
Describe the habit of bois sappan.
Describe the habit of gango.
Describe the habit of sappan Wood Tree.
Describe the habit of pot marigold.
Describe the habit of marigold calendula.
Describe the habit of Calendulae flos cum calycibus.
Describe the habit of Calendulae flos sine calycibus.
Describe the habit of Calendulae herba.
Describe the habit of heather.
Describe the habit of common heather.
Describe the habit of white heather.
Describe the habit of Scotch heather.
Describe the habit of moor beson.
Describe the habit of ling.
Describe the habit of bruyere.
Describe the habit of Besenheide.
Describe the habit of brugo.
Describe the habit of urze dos montes.
Describe the habit of urze ordinaria.
Describe the habit of carrasquinha.
Describe the habit of caluna.
Describe the habit of queiro'.
Describe the habit of magrica.
Describe the habit of mongarica.
Describe the habit of quebra-panelas.
Describe the habit of brezo.
Describe the habit of höstljung.
Describe the habit of røsslyng.
Describe the habit of hedelyng.
Describe the habit of kanerva.
Describe the habit of beitillyng.
Describe the habit of feverfew.
Describe the habit of Chrysanthemi parthenii herba.
Describe the habit of Chrysanthemi flos.
Describe the habit of cassia.
Describe the habit of Chinese cassia.
Describe the habit of Chinese cinnamon.
Describe the habit of canela de la China.
Describe the habit of cannelle de cochinchine.
Describe the habit of zimtkassie.
Describe the habit of kassia.
Describe the habit of darasini.
Describe the habit of bokei.
Describe the habit of kuei.
Describe the habit of kwei.
Describe the habit of blessed thistle.
Describe the habit of holy thistle.
Describe the habit of St. Benedict thistle.
Describe the habit of karmedic.
Describe the habit of chardon benit.
Describe the habit of Benediktendistel.
Describe the habit of Cardui benedicti herba.
Describe the habit of Cnici benedicti herba.
Describe the habit of saffron.
Describe the habit of safran.
Describe the habit of azafran.
Describe the habit of saffran.
Describe the habit of za'faran.
Describe the habit of saffraan.
Describe the habit of zafferano.
Describe the habit of acafrao.
Describe the habit of shafran.
Describe the habit of safuran.
Describe the habit of fan-hung-hua.
Describe the habit of Stigma Croci.
Describe the habit of kuma-kuma.
Describe the habit of sapran.
Describe the habit of romiet.
Describe the habit of cumin.
Describe the habit of cumin seed.
Describe the habit of comino.
Describe the habit of romischer kummel.
Describe the habit of spiskummin.
Describe the habit of kammun.
Describe the habit of komijn.
Describe the habit of cominho.
Describe the habit of kmin.
Describe the habit of ma-ch'in.
Describe the habit of asafoetida.
Describe the habit of devil's dung.
Describe the habit of assafetida.
Describe the habit of ingo.
Describe the habit of great yellow gentian.
Describe the habit of yellow gentian.
Describe the habit of bitterwort.
Describe the habit of gallweed.
Describe the habit of genciana das boticas.
Describe the habit of genciana da Europa.
Describe the habit of genciana das farmacias.
Describe the habit of gencionela.
Describe the habit of argencana dos pastores.
Describe the habit of liquorice.
Describe the habit of liquorice root.
Describe the habit of réglisse.
Describe the habit of Süssholz.
Describe the habit of soethoutwortel.
Describe the habit of mlomo-mnandi.
Describe the habit of mulaithi.
Describe the habit of khosha walgi.
Describe the habit of rubussusa.
Describe the habit of bikhe mahaka.
Describe the habit of liquirizia.
Describe the habit of regaliz.
Describe the habit of sweet wood.
Describe the habit of réglisse glabre.
Describe the habit of réglisse officinale.
Describe the habit of meyan kok.
Describe the habit of meyan otu.
Describe the habit of biyan kok.
Describe the habit of ayi kulozi.
Describe the habit of azrar azidane.
Describe the habit of shagaret es-sûs.
Describe the habit of erqsûs.
Describe the habit of hyssop.
Describe the habit of hysope.
Describe the habit of Ysop.
Describe the habit of Isop.
Describe the habit of Hyssopi herba.
Describe the habit of Aetheroleum hyssopi.
Describe the habit of ilex.
Describe the habit of English holly.
Describe the habit of European holly.
Describe the habit of Christmas holly.
Describe the habit of Dutch holly.
Describe the habit of houx.
Describe the habit of agrifoglio.
Describe the habit of Stechpalme.
Describe the habit of Stecheiche.
Describe the habit of Hülse.
Describe the habit of azevinho.
Describe the habit of pica-folha.
Describe the habit of zebro.
Describe the habit of teio.
Describe the habit of acebo.
Describe the habit of true lavender.
Describe the habit of lavender.
Describe the habit of lavande.
Describe the habit of Lavendel.
Describe the habit of lavanda.
Describe the habit of Lavandulae flos.
Describe the habit of Aetheroleum lavandulae.
Describe the habit of bladder-pod.
Describe the habit of Fendlers bladderpod.
Describe the habit of yellow-top.
Describe the habit of desert mustard.
Describe the habit of lemon-scented verbena.
Describe the habit of Luiza.
Describe the habit of barsunga.
Describe the habit of pindosin.
Describe the habit of pyim daw thein.
Describe the habit of karry blad.
Describe the habit of kerriebladeren.
Describe the habit of curry leaves.
Describe the habit of nim leaves.
Describe the habit of feuilles de Cari.
Describe the habit of feuilles de curry.
Describe the habit of caloupilé (Réunion).
Describe the habit of carripoulé (Ile Maurice).
Describe the habit of Curryblätter.
Describe the habit of mitho limdo.
Describe the habit of meetha neem.
Describe the habit of kari patta.
Describe the habit of katneem.
Describe the habit of bursunga.
Describe the habit of curry levelek.
Describe the habit of karrílauf.
Describe the habit of daun kari.
Describe the habit of fogli di Cari.
Describe the habit of karibevu.
Describe the habit of khi be.
Describe the habit of daun kari pla.
Describe the habit of karupillam.
Describe the habit of kareapela.
Describe the habit of karipat.
Describe the habit of karhi patta.
Describe the habit of basango.
Describe the habit of bowala.
Describe the habit of girinimba.
Describe the habit of suravi.
Describe the habit of karapincha.
Describe the habit of hoja.
Describe the habit of bizari.
Describe the habit of mchuzi.
Describe the habit of bignay.
Describe the habit of karuvepila.
Describe the habit of karuveppilai.
Describe the habit of karepeku.
Describe the habit of karivepaku.
Describe the habit of bai karee.
Describe the habit of chalcas koenigii.
Describe the habit of common myrtle.
Describe the habit of fennel-flower.
Describe the habit of black cumin.
Describe the habit of black caraway.
Describe the habit of gith.
Describe the habit of nutmeg flower.
Describe the habit of ragged lady.
Describe the habit of Roman coriander.
Describe the habit of kalonji.
Describe the habit of nigelle de Crete.
Describe the habit of schwarzkuemmel.
Describe the habit of nigela.
Describe the habit of garidela.
Describe the habit of cominho negro.
Describe the habit of ajenuz.
Describe the habit of aranue.
Describe the habit of tikur-azmud.
Describe the habit of holy basil.
Describe the habit of sacred basil.
Describe the habit of monk's basil.
Describe the habit of Ocimi Tenuiflori Folium.
Describe the habit of albahaca.
Describe the habit of balanoy.
Describe the habit of solasi.
Describe the habit of sulasi.
Describe the habit of kolon-kogon.
Describe the habit of biday.
Describe the habit of domele.
Describe the habit of tulsi.
Describe the habit of e do.
Describe the habit of e tia.
Describe the habit of huong nhu tía.
Describe the habit of ho kwo su.
Describe the habit of ho tu plu.
Describe the habit of kraphrao.
Describe the habit of kamangi.
Describe the habit of kamangkau.
Describe the habit of lampes.
Describe the habit of luku-luku.
Describe the habit of magau.
Describe the habit of malinau.
Describe the habit of tulsipatra.
Describe the habit of kaataigau.
Describe the habit of kolokoko.
Describe the habit of kalikago.
Describe the habit of kaluoy.
Describe the habit of stubwort.
Describe the habit of wood shamrock.
Describe the habit of Irish shamrock.
Describe the habit of sour trefoil.
Describe the habit of sleeping clover.
Describe the habit of hallelujah.
Describe the habit of azeda.
Describe the habit of oxalide.
Describe the habit of oxalida.
Describe the habit of wood sorrel.
Describe the habit of rose geranium.
Describe the habit of bourbon geranium.
Describe the habit of perilla.
Describe the habit of beefsteak plant.
Describe the habit of Chinese basil.
Describe the habit of rattlesnake weed.
Describe the habit of purple common perilla.
Describe the habit of shiso.
Describe the habit of wild basil.
Describe the habit of zi su.
Describe the habit of tyu ssu.
Describe the habit of yeh ssu.
Describe the habit of chi ssu.
Describe the habit of kinesisk mynte.
Describe the habit of veripeippi.
Describe the habit of schwarznessel.
Describe the habit of Chinesische melisse.
Describe the habit of bhanjira.
Describe the habit of Kínai bazsalikom.
Describe the habit of vad szezám.
Describe the habit of daun shiso.
Describe the habit of egoma.
Describe the habit of aka-shiso.
Describe the habit of akajiso.
Describe the habit of ao-shiso.
Describe the habit of aojiso.
Describe the habit of kkaennip.
Describe the habit of tulkkae.
Describe the habit of nga chien chin.
Describe the habit of nga chieng.
Describe the habit of bladmynta.
Describe the habit of nag-mon.
Describe the habit of nga-khi-mon.
Describe the habit of tia to.
Describe the habit of la tia to.
Describe the habit of tu to.
Describe the habit of anise.
Describe the habit of anise seed.
Describe the habit of anis.
Describe the habit of yanisun.
Describe the habit of anijs.
Describe the habit of anice.
Describe the habit of erva-doce.
Describe the habit of huei-hsiang.
Describe the habit of Anisi fructus.
Describe the habit of Aetheroleum anisi.
Describe the habit of burnet saxifrage.
Describe the habit of mountain pine.
Describe the habit of Swiss mountain pine.
Describe the habit of dwarf mountain pine.
Describe the habit of dwarf pine.
Describe the habit of Mugho pine.
Describe the habit of knee pine.
Describe the habit of creeping pine.
Describe the habit of pin de montagne.
Describe the habit of pino montano.
Describe the habit of Bergkiefer.
Describe the habit of Latsche.
Describe the habit of pinheiro de Mugo.
Describe the habit of Indian long pepper.
Describe the habit of jaborandi pepper.
Describe the habit of pippali.
Describe the habit of thippali.
Describe the habit of piper.
Describe the habit of pepper long.
Describe the habit of Piperis Langi Fructus.
Describe the habit of mastic tree.
Describe the habit of lentisk.
Describe the habit of mastich.
Describe the habit of pistachio.
Describe the habit of lentisque.
Describe the habit of mastikboom.
Describe the habit of lentisco.
Describe the habit of mastixbaum.
Describe the habit of mastixstrauch.
Describe the habit of lentisco verdadeiro.
Describe the habit of almacegueira.
Describe the habit of daro.
Describe the habit of daroeira.
Describe the habit of aroeira da praia.
Describe the habit of mastiktræ.
Describe the habit of common polypody.
Describe the habit of false acacia.
Describe the habit of bastard acacia.
Describe the habit of black locust.
Describe the habit of faux acacia.
Describe the habit of Akazie.
Describe the habit of robinie.
Describe the habit of falsk acacie.
Describe the habit of robinia.
Describe the habit of acacia bastarda.
Describe the habit of robinia falsa acacia.
Describe the habit of acacia para-sol.
Describe the habit of Robiniae pseudoacaciae flos.
Describe the habit of rosemary.
Describe the habit of rosmarin.
Describe the habit of rosmarino.
Describe the habit of romero.
Describe the habit of romarin.
Describe the habit of iklil al-jabal.
Describe the habit of rozemarijn.
Describe the habit of alecrim.
Describe the habit of rozmarin.
Describe the habit of mannenro.
Describe the habit of mi-teih-hsiang.
Describe the habit of sheeps sorrel.
Describe the habit of garden sorrel.
Describe the habit of sour dock.
Describe the habit of oseille de jardin.
Describe the habit of azedinha da horta.
Describe the habit of Rumicis herba.
Describe the habit of Rumicis fructus.
Describe the habit of Rumicis radix.
Describe the habit of clary sage.
Describe the habit of clary.
Describe the habit of clear-eye sage.
Describe the habit of see-bright.
Describe the habit of eyelright.
Describe the habit of muscatel sage.
Describe the habit of sauge sclaree.
Describe the habit of muskatellersalbei.
Describe the habit of esclareia.
Describe the habit of garden burnet.
Describe the habit of salad burnet.
Describe the habit of toper's-plant.
Describe the habit of pimpinela de Italia.
Describe the habit of summer savory.
Describe the habit of savory leaves.
Describe the habit of savory.
Describe the habit of sarriette.
Describe the habit of Bohnenkraut.
Describe the habit of ajedrea.
Describe the habit of kyndel.
Describe the habit of nadgh.
Describe the habit of bonenkruid.
Describe the habit of santoreggia.
Describe the habit of segurelha.
Describe the habit of chabyor.
Describe the habit of hsiang po ho.
Describe the habit of Saturejae herba.
Describe the habit of Aetheroleum saturejae.
Describe the habit of hairy-fruited eggplant.
Describe the habit of Malaysian sunplant.
Describe the habit of sweet weed.
Describe the habit of sweet plant.
Describe the habit of sugar leaf.
Describe the habit of sweet leaf.
Describe the habit of honey leaf (Kaaíhe-E).
Describe the habit of honey grass.
Describe the habit of Ka´a He´e.
Describe the habit of Stevia.
Describe the habit of sweet herb (Caaí-ehe).
Describe the habit of caa-he-e.
Describe the habit of caa-ehe.
Describe the habit of caa-hee.
Describe the habit of ca-jhe-e.
Describe the habit of azuca-caa.
Describe the habit of ca-a-yupe.
Describe the habit of kaa-he-e.
Describe the habit of kaa-hee.
Describe the habit of ka-he-e.
Describe the habit of yerba dulce.
Describe the habit of tansy.
Describe the habit of alecost.
Describe the habit of golden buttons.
Describe the habit of balsamin.
Describe the habit of rejnfan.
Describe the habit of atanasia das boticas.
Describe the habit of tanaceto.
Describe the habit of tanasia.
Describe the habit of balsamina.
Describe the habit of Tanaceti herba.
Describe the habit of Tanaceti flos.
Describe the habit of aidan tree.
Describe the habit of wall germander.
Describe the habit of ædel kortlæbe.
Describe the habit of camedrios.
Describe the habit of erva carvalhinha.
Describe the habit of germander.
Describe the habit of thyme.
Describe the habit of wild thyme.
Describe the habit of mother of thyme.
Describe the habit of serpolet.
Describe the habit of thym sauvage.
Describe the habit of Thymian.
Describe the habit of wilder Thymian.
Describe the habit of timian.
Describe the habit of nib.
Describe the habit of mwarubaini.
Describe the habit of barwood.
Describe the habit of camwood.
Describe the habit of African sandalwood.
Describe the habit of baru.
Describe the habit of yellow tree bauhinia.
Describe the habit of angelica roxa.
Describe the habit of common teasel.
Describe the habit of Fuller's teasel.
Describe the habit of Fuller's thistle.
Describe the habit of Fuller's card.
Describe the habit of Draper's teasel.
Describe the habit of wild teasel.
Describe the habit of English teasel.
Describe the habit of Indian teasel.
Describe the habit of Venus'- basin.
Describe the habit of Venus'- bath.
Describe the habit of clothier's-brush.
Describe the habit of huttonweed.
Describe the habit of wood broom.
Describe the habit of wilde karde.
Describe the habit of cardo penteador bravo.
Describe the habit of dipsaco.
Describe the habit of kardvädd.
Describe the habit of vild kardvädd.
Describe the habit of kardeborre.
Describe the habit of gærde-kartebolle.
Describe the habit of pikarikarttaohdake.
Describe the habit of rue.
Describe the habit of garden rue.
Describe the habit of herb of grace.
Describe the habit of wynruit.
Describe the habit of binnewortel.
Describe the habit of Rutae herba.
Describe the habit of glacier wormwood.
Describe the habit of Alpine wormwood.
Describe the habit of genepi.
Describe the habit of butterwort.
Describe the habit of trumpet gentian.
Describe the habit of stemless gentian.
Describe the habit of gentianella.
Describe the habit of genziana.
Describe the habit of gentiane.
Describe the habit of genciana dos jardins.
Describe the habit of gencianela.
Describe the habit of genciana.
Describe the habit of blauer Enzian.
Describe the habit of masterwort.
Describe the habit of knob wood.
Describe the habit of iguga.
Describe the habit of popioe.
Describe the habit of mjafari.
Describe the habit of abelmosk.
Describe the habit of musk mallow.
Describe the habit of mushkdan.
Describe the habit of muskdana.
Describe the habit of kasturi bhendi.
Describe the habit of gukhia korai.
Describe the habit of kasturi bhenda.
Describe the habit of kattukasturi.
Describe the habit of varttilai kasturi.
Describe the habit of lalkasturika.
Describe the habit of musk okra.
Describe the habit of ambrette.
Describe the habit of abelmosco.
Describe the habit of ambreta.
Describe the habit of rosa almiscarada.
Describe the habit of quiabo cheiroso.
Describe the habit of kasturi.
Describe the habit of gombo musqué.
Describe the habit of ketmie musquée.
Describe the habit of graine de musc.
Describe the habit of kamang.
Describe the habit of kaŒmang.
Describe the habit of karereon.
Describe the habit of karereon nikapwerik nik.
Describe the habit of kareron.
Describe the habit of likonokon.
Describe the habit of gongul.
Describe the habit of metei.
Describe the habit of mety.
Describe the habit of methey.
Describe the habit of hathongethong.
Describe the habit of kamwayang.
Describe the habit of nikapwerik.
Describe the habit of setmwechin.
Describe the habit of sotumo.
Describe the habit of wakiwaki.
Describe the habit of wakewake.
Describe the habit of wakeke.
Describe the habit of vakeke.
Describe the habit of aukiki.
Describe the habit of oŒeŒe.
Describe the habit of fou ingo.
Describe the habit of fau ingo.
Describe the habit of Œaute toga.
Describe the habit of fau tagaloa.
Describe the habit of fua samasama.
Describe the habit of loa.
Describe the habit of fauŒingo.
Describe the habit of tropical jewel-hibiscus.
Describe the habit of Ellington curse.
Describe the habit of klu.
Describe the habit of cassie.
Describe the habit of espino blanco.
Describe the habit of aroma.
Describe the habit of popinac.
Describe the habit of kandaroma.
Describe the habit of kolu.
Describe the habit of vaivai vaka-vatona.
Describe the habit of vaivai vakavotona.
Describe the habit of ban baburi.
Describe the habit of oki.
Describe the habit of te kaibakoa (Kiribati).
Describe the habit of debena (Nauru).
Describe the habit of mimosa bush.
Describe the habit of needle bush.
Describe the habit of sweet acacia.
Describe the habit of Prickly Moses.
Describe the habit of Perfumed wattle.
Describe the habit of Cassie flower.
Describe the habit of Sweet Mimosa Bush.
Describe the habit of Sponge flower.
Describe the habit of Scented Wattle.
Describe the habit of lebbek tree.
Describe the habit of siris-tree.
Describe the habit of rain tree.
Describe the habit of East Indian walnut.
Describe the habit of woman's-tongue tree.
Describe the habit of woman's tongue tree.
Describe the habit of chatterbox tree.
Describe the habit of kokko.
Describe the habit of bois noir.
Describe the habit of cha-cha.
Describe the habit of langue de vieille femme.
Describe the habit of ébénier d'orient.
Describe the habit of acacia de lebbek.
Describe the habit of albizia.
Describe the habit of acacia siras.
Describe the habit of coracao de negro.
Describe the habit of pau-negro.
Describe the habit of ebano oriental.
Describe the habit of devil's tree.
Describe the habit of white cheesewood tree.
Describe the habit of alstonia.
Describe the habit of dita bark tree.
Describe the habit of Australian fever bark tree.
Describe the habit of Australian quinine bark tree.
Describe the habit of bitter-bark tree.
Describe the habit of blackboard tree.
Describe the habit of chatiyan wood.
Describe the habit of shaitan.
Describe the habit of chattun.
Describe the habit of chatian.
Describe the habit of chhatiwan.
Describe the habit of chatiwan.
Describe the habit of tin pet.
Describe the habit of dita.
Describe the habit of khaaniqat al-kalab.
Describe the habit of shajaratah fi asya al-harrah.
Describe the habit of scholarsi.
Describe the habit of may màn.
Describe the habit of mò cua.
Describe the habit of mùa cua.
Describe the habit of co tin pát.
Describe the habit of palai.
Describe the habit of pasuit.
Describe the habit of phaya sattaban.
Describe the habit of sattaban.
Describe the habit of polai.
Describe the habit of sachina.
Describe the habit of satavan.
Describe the habit of satuna.
Describe the habit of alipauen.
Describe the habit of dalipauen.
Describe the habit of lava.
Describe the habit of lipauen.
Describe the habit of dirita.
Describe the habit of tanitan.
Describe the habit of tangitang.
Describe the habit of andarayan.
Describe the habit of voplai.
Describe the habit of chatina (santal).
Describe the habit of saptaparni (kandha).
Describe the habit of dubedi (kandha).
Describe the habit of candle bush.
Describe the habit of candalabra bush.
Describe the habit of candle stick.
Describe the habit of craw craw plant.
Describe the habit of christmas candle shrub.
Describe the habit of empress candle plant.
Describe the habit of ringworm bush.
Describe the habit of ringworm shrub.
Describe the habit of roman candletree.
Describe the habit of senna.
Describe the habit of winged senna.
Describe the habit of Cassia Alatae Folium.
Describe the habit of andadasi.
Describe the habit of andadasi-ng-bugbugtong.
Describe the habit of andadasl-a-dadakkel.
Describe the habit of bai nicagi.
Describe the habit of cây lâc.
Describe the habit of muòng trâu.
Describe the habit of chumhet thet.
Describe the habit of chumhet yai.
Describe the habit of dadmurdan.
Describe the habit of gelenggang.
Describe the habit of gamot sa buni.
Describe the habit of pakagonkon.
Describe the habit of katanda.
Describe the habit of katandang aso.
Describe the habit of kapurko.
Describe the habit of acapulko.
Describe the habit of akapulko.
Describe the habit of bayabas-bayabasab.
Describe the habit of ketepeng cina.
Describe the habit of la'au fai lafa.
Describe the habit of mulamula.
Describe the habit of pakayomkon kastila.
Describe the habit of ta si pho.
Describe the habit of te'elango.
Describe the habit of she oak.
Describe the habit of south sea ironwood.
Describe the habit of horsetail tree.
Describe the habit of nokonoko.
Describe the habit of te katurina.
Describe the habit of toa.
Describe the habit of Australian pine.
Describe the habit of ironwood.
Describe the habit of periwinkle.
Describe the habit of Madagascar periwinkle.
Describe the habit of Cape periwinkle.
Describe the habit of red periwinkle.
Describe the habit of vinca.
Describe the habit of West Indian cedar.
Describe the habit of Spanish cedar.
Describe the habit of Barbados cedar.
Describe the habit of Mexican cedar.
Describe the habit of Honduras cedar.
Describe the habit of kulche.
Describe the habit of cedro do Mexico.
Describe the habit of cedro cheiroso.
Describe the habit of cedro femea.
Describe the habit of cedrela.
Describe the habit of quinine tree.
Describe the habit of cascarilla.
Describe the habit of quinquina rouge.
Describe the habit of Chinarindenbaum.
Describe the habit of Chinarinde.
Describe the habit of Fieberrinde.
Describe the habit of camphor tree.
Describe the habit of camphor.
Describe the habit of Japanese camphor.
Describe the habit of camphrier.
Describe the habit of camphre.
Describe the habit of alcanforero.
Describe the habit of alcanfor.
Describe the habit of arbol del alcanfor.
Describe the habit of arvore da camphora.
Describe the habit of árvore-da-camphora.
Describe the habit of xiang zhang shu.
Describe the habit of zhang.
Describe the habit of zhang shu.
Describe the habit of campher.
Describe the habit of kampferbaum.
Describe the habit of karpuram.
Describe the habit of karpoora.
Describe the habit of pacchakarpuram.
Describe the habit of albero della canfora.
Describe the habit of canfora.
Describe the habit of canforo.
Describe the habit of lauro canforo.
Describe the habit of kuso no ki.
Describe the habit of karpura.
Describe the habit of kapuur.
Describe the habit of kamfornii derevo.
Describe the habit of kamformii lavr.
Describe the habit of korihnik kamfornii.
Describe the habit of karpuramu.
Describe the habit of kafur.
Describe the habit of patckafur.
Describe the habit of sunn hemp.
Describe the habit of Bengal hemp.
Describe the habit of chinchín.
Describe the habit of couch grass.
Describe the habit of Bermuda grass.
Describe the habit of green couch.
Describe the habit of wiregrass.
Describe the habit of devilgrass.
Describe the habit of chepica brave.
Describe the habit of came de niño.
Describe the habit of pate de perdiz.
Describe the habit of gramilla blanca.
Describe the habit of hierba-fina.
Describe the habit of kabuta.
Describe the habit of kweekgras.
Describe the habit of durba.
Describe the habit of khabbal ghass.
Describe the habit of dhoub grass.
Describe the habit of griming.
Describe the habit of tigriston.
Describe the habit of thornapple.
Describe the habit of stramonium.
Describe the habit of jimson weed.
Describe the habit of Jamestown weed.
Describe the habit of Jamestown lily.
Describe the habit of devil's trumpet.
Describe the habit of stinkweed.
Describe the habit of pomme épineuse.
Describe the habit of datura.
Describe the habit of stechapfel.
Describe the habit of estramonio.
Describe the habit of alhendros.
Describe the habit of figueira do Inferno.
Describe the habit of zabumba.
Describe the habit of mamoninho bravo.
Describe the habit of mamoninho de carneiro.
Describe the habit of nafir.
Describe the habit of taturah.
Describe the habit of tabourzigt.
Describe the habit of tidilla.
Describe the habit of stromoine.
Describe the habit of herbe aux sorcières.
Describe the habit of dature.
Describe the habit of herbe du diable.
Describe the habit of pomme du diable.
Describe the habit of tollkraut.
Describe the habit of spikklubba.
Describe the habit of piggeple.
Describe the habit of pigæble.
Describe the habit of hulluruoho.
Describe the habit of attefaris.
Describe the habit of astenagrt.
Describe the habit of Royal poinciana.
Describe the habit of flamboyant tree.
Describe the habit of flamboyant acacia.
Describe the habit of gul mohur.
Describe the habit of fancy-Anna.
Describe the habit of flame tree.
Describe the habit of peacock flower.
Describe the habit of flamboyante.
Describe the habit of flamboyán.
Describe the habit of acacia flamejante.
Describe the habit of flamboiante.
Describe the habit of acacia rubra.
Describe the habit of poinciana.
Describe the habit of flor de pavao.
Describe the habit of arbol del fuego.
Describe the habit of atbot (Guam).
Describe the habit of atbut.
Describe the habit of atbot det fuegu.
Describe the habit of nangiosákura (Palau).
Describe the habit of nangyo.
Describe the habit of pilampwoia weitahta (Pohnpei).
Describe the habit of sakuranirow (Yap).
Describe the habit of sekoula (Fiji).
Describe the habit of ohai'.
Describe the habit of Œohai.
Describe the habit of ngatipa (Cook Islands).
Describe the habit of avarua (Rarotonga.
Describe the habit of Cook Islands).
Describe the habit of fayarbaw (CNMIˆCarolinian).
Describe the habit of puke (Tahiti).
Describe the habit of ohai Œula.
Describe the habit of pine.
Describe the habit of wase.
Describe the habit of usi.
Describe the habit of coral tree.
Describe the habit of Indian coral tree.
Describe the habit of flame tree.
Describe the habit of gatai.
Describe the habit of narara.
Describe the habit of gatae Samoa.
Describe the habit of Balbal.
Describe the habit of red river gum (Southern Provenances).
Describe the habit of Murray red gum.
Describe the habit of Australian kino.
Describe the habit of river gum.
Describe the habit of rostrato.
Describe the habit of eucalipto rostrato.
Describe the habit of swamp mahogany.
Describe the habit of mahogany gum.
Describe the habit of stringybark.
Describe the habit of gunnung.
Describe the habit of gliricidia.
Describe the habit of glory cedar.
Describe the habit of gloricidia.
Describe the habit of mother of cacao.
Describe the habit of quickstick.
Describe the habit of madre de cacao.
Describe the habit of sunflower.
Describe the habit of Italian girasole.
Describe the habit of cut-and-come-again.
Describe the habit of sonneblom.
Describe the habit of girasol.
Describe the habit of tournesol.
Describe the habit of girassol.
Describe the habit of xiangrikui.
Describe the habit of Sonnenblume.
Describe the habit of girasole.
Describe the habit of surajmukhi.
Describe the habit of zonnebloem.
Describe the habit of auringonkukka.
Describe the habit of Helianthi flos.
Describe the habit of surya mukhi.
Describe the habit of one one.
Describe the habit of mangrove.
Describe the habit of u'ula.
Describe the habit of kwila.
Describe the habit of physic nut.
Describe the habit of purging nut.
Describe the habit of tartago.
Describe the habit of pourghère.
Describe the habit of pignon d'Inde.
Describe the habit of yu lu tzu.
Describe the habit of habel meluk.
Describe the habit of bagbherenda.
Describe the habit of purgueira.
Describe the habit of mundubi assu (Br).
Describe the habit of fagiola d'India.
Describe the habit of purgiernuss.
Describe the habit of purgeernoot.
Describe the habit of laupata.
Describe the habit of fiki.
Describe the habit of purgeerboontjie.
Describe the habit of mbono.
Describe the habit of mafuredonga.
Describe the habit of inhlakuva.
Describe the habit of mathlapametse.
Describe the habit of cantal muluung.
Describe the habit of sabuu dam.
Describe the habit of jarak pagar.
Describe the habit of parvaranda.
Describe the habit of ba dau me.
Describe the habit of pe fo tze.
Describe the habit of ramjeevan.
Describe the habit of henna.
Describe the habit of melaleuca.
Describe the habit of broad-leafed paperbark tree.
Describe the habit of five-veined paperbark.
Describe the habit of broad-leaved paperbark (Australia).
Describe the habit of paperbark tea-tree (Australia).
Describe the habit of belbowrie (Australia).
Describe the habit of numbah (Australia).
Describe the habit of broad-leaved tea-tree (Australia).
Describe the habit of white bottlebrush (USA).
Describe the habit of opepe.
Describe the habit of West African boxwood.
Describe the habit of sarcocefalo.
Describe the habit of common oleander.
Describe the habit of oleander.
Describe the habit of rose laurel.
Describe the habit of rose bay.
Describe the habit of French willow.
Describe the habit of South-Sea rose.
Describe the habit of sweet oleander.
Describe the habit of sweet-scented oleander.
Describe the habit of te orian.
Describe the habit of oleandro.
Describe the habit of pride of Ceylon.
Describe the habit of dafla.
Describe the habit of oleandre.
Describe the habit of laurier-rose.
Describe the habit of loendro.
Describe the habit of loendro da India.
Describe the habit of loendro de cheiro.
Describe the habit of adelfa.
Describe the habit of espirradeira.
Describe the habit of loureiro-rosa.
Describe the habit of nerio.
Describe the habit of betel.
Describe the habit of betel leaf.
Describe the habit of betel leaf pepper.
Describe the habit of betel leaf vine.
Describe the habit of betel vine.
Describe the habit of betel pepper.
Describe the habit of Piper Folium.
Describe the habit of alfavaca de cobra.
Describe the habit of cobrinha.
Describe the habit of wara tumbul.
Describe the habit of buyo.
Describe the habit of buyo-buyo.
Describe the habit of buyo anis.
Describe the habit of ikmo.
Describe the habit of ikmong iloko.
Describe the habit of itmo.
Describe the habit of manin.
Describe the habit of buyog.
Describe the habit of buyu.
Describe the habit of gaoed.
Describe the habit of gaued.
Describe the habit of gok.
Describe the habit of kanisi(bisayan).
Describe the habit of manon(bisayan).
Describe the habit of lau.
Describe the habit of mjàu.
Describe the habit of thô lau dàng.
Describe the habit of trâu không.
Describe the habit of trâu cay.
Describe the habit of trâu luong.
Describe the habit of namat.
Describe the habit of nanin(bisayan).
Describe the habit of paan.
Describe the habit of pan.
Describe the habit of tambuli.
Describe the habit of tanbol.
Describe the habit of phlu.
Describe the habit of samat.
Describe the habit of samok.
Describe the habit of se keh.
Describe the habit of serih.
Describe the habit of kava.
Describe the habit of yaqona.
Describe the habit of yangona.
Describe the habit of ava.
Describe the habit of 'ava.
Describe the habit of 'eva inu.
Describe the habit of arwa.
Describe the habit of ava-kava.
Describe the habit of kava-kava.
Describe the habit of yagona.
Describe the habit of lance-leaved plantain.
Describe the habit of narrow-leaf plantain.
Describe the habit of buckhorn plantain.
Describe the habit of rat-tail plantain.
Describe the habit of English plantain.
Describe the habit of ribgrass.
Describe the habit of ribwort.
Describe the habit of ribwort plantain.
Describe the habit of ripplegrass.
Describe the habit of petit plantain.
Describe the habit of Spitzwegerich.
Describe the habit of smalblaarplantago.
Describe the habit of smalweeblaar.
Describe the habit of oorpynhoutjie.
Describe the habit of athan el-kabsh.
Describe the habit of great hen plant.
Describe the habit of plantain lancéole.
Describe the habit of oreille de lievre.
Describe the habit of tanchagem menor.
Describe the habit of corrijo'.
Describe the habit of Plantaginis lanceolatae folium.
Describe the habit of oorpynynhoutjie.
Describe the habit of smalblaar-plantago.
Describe the habit of indlebe-kathekwane encane.
Describe the habit of common plantain.
Describe the habit of broad-leaved plantain.
Describe the habit of greater plantain.
Describe the habit of lamb's foot.
Describe the habit of whiteman's-foot.
Describe the habit of door-yard plantain.
Describe the habit of healing blade.
Describe the habit of cart-track plant.
Describe the habit of waybread.
Describe the habit of platvoet.
Describe the habit of tanchagem maior.
Describe the habit of bolila.
Describe the habit of indlebe-kathekwane enkulu.
Describe the habit of Breitwegerich.
Describe the habit of Plantaginis majoris folium.
Describe the habit of Indian beech.
Describe the habit of oil tree.
Describe the habit of poonga-oil-tree.
Describe the habit of seashore mempari.
Describe the habit of karum tree.
Describe the habit of arbre de pongolote.
Describe the habit of báni.
Describe the habit of kanji.
Describe the habit of karanj.
Describe the habit of papar.
Describe the habit of daay kim.
Describe the habit of saam hoa.
Describe the habit of biansu.
Describe the habit of ki pahang laut.
Describe the habit of melapari.
Describe the habit of dok kom koi.
Describe the habit of mempare.
Describe the habit of pongu.
Describe the habit of pongam.
Describe the habit of ko:m ko:y.
Describe the habit of day lim.
Describe the habit of day mau.
Describe the habit of khoor.
Describe the habit of karanga.
Describe the habit of mangrove.
Describe the habit of red mangrove.
Describe the habit of American mangrove.
Describe the habit of tiriwai.
Describe the habit of mangrove.
Describe the habit of West Indian mahogany.
Describe the habit of mahogany.
Describe the habit of Cuban mahogany.
Describe the habit of Dominican mahogany.
Describe the habit of small leaf mahogany.
Describe the habit of West Indies mahogany.
Describe the habit of caoba.
Describe the habit of caoba de Santo.
Describe the habit of domingo.
Describe the habit of acajou.
Describe the habit of mahagni.
Describe the habit of mahok.
Describe the habit of cheriamahogany.
Describe the habit of yellow bells.
Describe the habit of geelklokkies.
Describe the habit of tacoma.
Describe the habit of chevalye.
Describe the habit of flé senpié.
Describe the habit of zeb sennikola.
Describe the habit of ginger thomas.
Describe the habit of tecoma.
Describe the habit of yellow bignonia.
Describe the habit of yellow cedar.
Describe the habit of yellow elder.
Describe the habit of yellow trumpet tree.
Describe the habit of yellow trumpet flower.
Describe the habit of chevalier.
Describe the habit of fleur de St. Pierre.
Describe the habit of herbe de St. Nicholas.
Describe the habit of tecoma amarela.
Describe the habit of tronadora.
Describe the habit of ipezinho.
Describe the habit of amarelinho.
Describe the habit of roble amarillo.
Describe the habit of saúco amarillo.
Describe the habit of teak.
Describe the habit of tiki.
Describe the habit of fish poison bean.
Describe the habit of fish bean.
Describe the habit of cafoto.
Describe the habit of banca'.
Describe the habit of Eastern white cedar.
Describe the habit of American arborvitae.
Describe the habit of false white cedar.
Describe the habit of Northern white cedar.
Describe the habit of tree of life.
Describe the habit of thuya du Canada.
Describe the habit of tuia americana.
Describe the habit of glossy bersama.
Describe the habit of glossy white ash.
Describe the habit of undiyaza.
Describe the habit of blinkblaarwitessenhout.
Describe the habit of marjoram.
Describe the habit of sweet majoram.
Describe the habit of marjolaine.
Describe the habit of majoran.
Describe the habit of amaraco.
Describe the habit of mejram.
Describe the habit of marzanjush.
Describe the habit of marjolein.
Describe the habit of maggiorana.
Describe the habit of manjerona.
Describe the habit of mayoran.
Describe the habit of mayorana.
Describe the habit of ma-yueh-lan-hua.
Describe the habit of sage.
Describe the habit of common sage.
Describe the habit of sauge.
Describe the habit of Salbei.
Describe the habit of salvia.
Describe the habit of mariyamiya.
Describe the habit of salie.
Describe the habit of salva.
Describe the habit of shalfey.
Describe the habit of ching-chieh.
Describe the habit of Salviae folium.
Describe the habit of Salviae herba.
Describe the habit of Aetheroleum salviae.
Describe the habit of hairy indigo.
Describe the habit of anileira felpuda.
Describe the habit of silver fir.
Describe the habit of abete.
Describe the habit of abete bianco.
Describe the habit of Tanne.
Describe the habit of Weisstanne.
Describe the habit of sapin argente.
Describe the habit of abeto blanco.
Describe the habit of Christmastree.
Describe the habit of European silver fir.
Describe the habit of white fir.
Describe the habit of sapin blanc.
Describe the habit of Silbertanne.
Describe the habit of abete argentato.
Describe the habit of black cutch.
Describe the habit of catechu.
Describe the habit of Cutch.
Describe the habit of Dark Catechu.
Describe the habit of Black Catechu.
Describe the habit of sweet thorn.
Describe the habit of soetdoring.
Describe the habit of doringboom.
Describe the habit of karoodoring.
Describe the habit of witdoring.
Describe the habit of mimosa thorn.
Describe the habit of cape thorn tree.
Describe the habit of karoo-thorn.
Describe the habit of white thorn.
Describe the habit of umNga.
Describe the habit of isiKhombe.
Describe the habit of mooka.
Describe the habit of mookana.
Describe the habit of isinga.
Describe the habit of leoka.
Describe the habit of munga.
Describe the habit of muunga.
Describe the habit of muunga-ludzi.
Describe the habit of umunga.
Describe the habit of groendoring.
Describe the habit of munenge.
Describe the habit of mubayamhondoro.
Describe the habit of orusu.
Describe the habit of Egyptian thorn.
Describe the habit of red heat.
Describe the habit of scented-pod acacia.
Describe the habit of Nile acacia.
Describe the habit of thorn.
Describe the habit of scented thorn.
Describe the habit of babul acacia.
Describe the habit of Arabic gumtree.
Describe the habit of Egyptian mimosa.
Describe the habit of Prickly acacia.
Describe the habit of gommier rouge.
Describe the habit of Acacia d'Arabie.
Describe the habit of Acacia de Cayenne.
Describe the habit of acacia a gomme.
Describe the habit of acacia d'Egypte.
Describe the habit of gommier d'Egypte.
Describe the habit of arabische Akazie.
Describe the habit of gummi- Akazie.
Describe the habit of Aegyptische Akazie.
Describe the habit of kudupod.
Describe the habit of stinkpeul.
Describe the habit of fulissa (Ethiopia).
Describe the habit of ruikperul.
Describe the habit of garad.
Describe the habit of sant.
Describe the habit of aschawkah al misriyah.
Describe the habit of osdi (Yemen).
Describe the habit of babla (Bangladesh).
Describe the habit of babul.
Describe the habit of baboul (India).
Describe the habit of kikar (India).
Describe the habit of acacia d'Egitto.
Describe the habit of ol'erbat.
Describe the habit of espinheiro preto (Cape Verde).
Describe the habit of espinho preto (Cape Verde).
Describe the habit of guider.
Describe the habit of marah.
Describe the habit of tugaar.
Describe the habit of galol.
Describe the habit of tuwer.
Describe the habit of acacia gomifera.
Describe the habit of goma arábica.
Describe the habit of mgunga.
Describe the habit of karu-velam.
Describe the habit of lekkerruikpeul.
Describe the habit of motse.
Describe the habit of ongue (Angola).
Describe the habit of lekwele (Botswana).
Describe the habit of bagani-iri (Cameroon).
Describe the habit of bani (Cameroon).
Describe the habit of barana (Cameroon).
Describe the habit of boina (Cameroon).
Describe the habit of daibe (Cameroon).
Describe the habit of gabde (Cameroon).
Describe the habit of gabdere (Cameroon).
Describe the habit of gabdi (Cameroon).
Describe the habit of Egyptian Acacia.
Describe the habit of bano (Guinea-Bissau).
Describe the habit of gaude (Guinea-Bissau).
Describe the habit of babla (India).
Describe the habit of dauria (India).
Describe the habit of godi (India).
Describe the habit of godi babul (India).
Describe the habit of kabuli kikar (India).
Describe the habit of kaora (India).
Describe the habit of kaulia (India).
Describe the habit of k.
Describe the habit of acanthus.
Describe the habit of field maple.
Describe the habit of hedge maple.
Describe the habit of small hedge maple.
Describe the habit of small maple.
Describe the habit of English maple.
Describe the habit of mazer tree.
Describe the habit of ulmer pipes.
Describe the habit of erable champetre.
Describe the habit of Ahorn.
Describe the habit of acero campestre.
Describe the habit of bordo comum.
Describe the habit of arce.
Describe the habit of lavender cotton.
Describe the habit of garde robe.
Describe the habit of aurone femelle.
Describe the habit of santoline.
Describe the habit of Zypressengarbe.
Describe the habit of guarda roba.
Describe the habit of qaysum.
Describe the habit of baatharaan.
Describe the habit of bu'aythiran.
Describe the habit of gesoom.
Describe the habit of aconite.
Describe the habit of common monkshood.
Describe the habit of Venus' maidenhair fern.
Describe the habit of southern maidenhair.
Describe the habit of Venus-hair fern.
Describe the habit of capillaire.
Describe the habit of Venushår.
Describe the habit of avenca.
Describe the habit of avenca cabelo de Venus.
Describe the habit of capilaria de Venus.
Describe the habit of adonis.
Describe the habit of pheasant's eye.
Describe the habit of spring pheasant's eye.
Describe the habit of Adonisröschen.
Describe the habit of Herba Adonis vernalis.
Describe the habit of African mahogany.
Describe the habit of doussie.
Describe the habit of mogno africano.
Describe the habit of agrimony.
Describe the habit of acrimony.
Describe the habit of harvest lice.
Describe the habit of stickwort.
Describe the habit of aigremoine.
Describe the habit of odermennig.
Describe the habit of agrimonia.
Describe the habit of Herba agrimoniae.
Describe the habit of Agrimoniae herba.
Describe the habit of Ailanthus.
Describe the habit of tree of heaven.
Describe the habit of false varnish tree.
Describe the habit of copal tree.
Describe the habit of stink tree.
Describe the habit of ailanto.
Describe the habit of Ailanthusbaum.
Describe the habit of Götterbaum.
Describe the habit of arvore celeste.
Describe the habit of European alder.
Describe the habit of common alder.
Describe the habit of black alder.
Describe the habit of irish fearnog.
Describe the habit of owle.
Describe the habit of ontano.
Describe the habit of ontano nero.
Describe the habit of aune.
Describe the habit of aulne.
Describe the habit of amieiro vulgar.
Describe the habit of amieiro negro.
Describe the habit of aliso.
Describe the habit of aliso negro.
Describe the habit of Erle.
Describe the habit of candelabra aloe.
Describe the habit of octopus plant.
Describe the habit of torch plant.
Describe the habit of krantz aloe.
Describe the habit of kraansaalwyn.
Describe the habit of inkalane.
Describe the habit of vlambos.
Describe the habit of dokgopha.
Describe the habit of marshmallow.
Describe the habit of guimauve.
Describe the habit of althee officinale.
Describe the habit of Eibisch.
Describe the habit of Radix Althaeae.
Describe the habit of Folia Althaeae.
Describe the habit of Althaeae radix.
Describe the habit of Althaeae herba.
Describe the habit of Althaeae folium.
Describe the habit of Althaeae flos.
Describe the habit of scarlet pimpernel.
Describe the habit of shepherd's weatherglass.
Describe the habit of pimpernel.
Describe the habit of bird's eye.
Describe the habit of blouselblommetjie.
Describe the habit of wood anemone.
Describe the habit of European wood anemone.
Describe the habit of European thimbleweed.
Describe the habit of moonflower.
Describe the habit of windflower.
Describe the habit of anemona dos bosques.
Describe the habit of chamomile.
Describe the habit of roman chamomile.
Describe the habit of camomille romaine.
Describe the habit of römische Kamille.
Describe the habit of camomilla.
Describe the habit of kamilica.
Describe the habit of Chamomillae romanae flos.
Describe the habit of Aetheroleum chamomillae romanae.
Describe the habit of chervil.
Describe the habit of cerafolio.
Describe the habit of cerfeuil.
Describe the habit of kerbel.
Describe the habit of koervel.
Describe the habit of kørvel.
Describe the habit of maqdunis afranji.
Describe the habit of kervel.
Describe the habit of cerfoglio.
Describe the habit of cerefolho.
Describe the habit of kervel'.
Describe the habit of san-lo-po.
Describe the habit of common kidney vetch.
Describe the habit of lady's fingers.
Describe the habit of agalwood.
Describe the habit of agalloch.
Describe the habit of agarwood.
Describe the habit of agila wood.
Describe the habit of eaglewood.
Describe the habit of aloeswood.
Describe the habit of calambac.
Describe the habit of calambour.
Describe the habit of chuwah.
Describe the habit of garrowood.
Describe the habit of lignaloes.
Describe the habit of pau de aguia.
Describe the habit of agaloco.
Describe the habit of aquilaria.
Describe the habit of calambuco.
Describe the habit of gaharu.
Describe the habit of sasi.
Describe the habit of hasi.
Describe the habit of aga.
Describe the habit of agaru.
Describe the habit of ugar.
Describe the habit of akyaw.
Describe the habit of tagara.
Describe the habit of kalaguru.
Describe the habit of aggalichandanam.
Describe the habit of agru.
Describe the habit of agar.
Describe the habit of chen xiang.
Describe the habit of Kaya gahara lemppong.
Describe the habit of jin-ko.
Describe the habit of kyara.
Describe the habit of ch'en hsiang.
Describe the habit of ch'Ing kuei hsiang.
Describe the habit of chan Hsiang.
Describe the habit of chi ku hsiang.
Describe the habit of Huang Shu Hsiang.
Describe the habit of Oud.
Describe the habit of Ude.
Describe the habit of Ud.
Describe the habit of Ood.
Describe the habit of Oode.
Describe the habit of jinkoh.
Describe the habit of jinko.
Describe the habit of common columbine.
Describe the habit of arnica.
Describe the habit of hästfibbla.
Describe the habit of solblom.
Describe the habit of almindelig guldblomme.
Describe the habit of etelänarnikki.
Describe the habit of berg-wohlverleih.
Describe the habit of ariti.
Describe the habit of chukun (Galinya.
Describe the habit of Harar).
Describe the habit of jukun (Galinya.
Describe the habit of Harar).
Describe the habit of kodo (Galinya).
Describe the habit of kapani (Galinya.
Describe the habit of Bale).
Describe the habit of butterfly milkweed.
Describe the habit of butterfly-weed.
Describe the habit of chigger-weed.
Describe the habit of pleurisy root.
Describe the habit of orange milkweed.
Describe the habit of Indian paintbrush.
Describe the habit of orange swallow-wort.
Describe the habit of white asphodel.
Describe the habit of asfodelo branco.
Describe the habit of belladonna.
Describe the habit of deadly nightshade.
Describe the habit of neem.
Describe the habit of Indian lilac.
Describe the habit of mahogany.
Describe the habit of azadira d'Inde.
Describe the habit of nim.
Describe the habit of Indischer Zedrach.
Describe the habit of niem.
Describe the habit of margosa.
Describe the habit of nimb.
Describe the habit of arishta.
Describe the habit of limba.
Describe the habit of nimmi.
Describe the habit of limbo.
Describe the habit of vepa.
Describe the habit of arulundi.
Describe the habit of bevinamara.
Describe the habit of indu lian shu.
Describe the habit of cha do.
Describe the habit of veppa.
Describe the habit of thin.
Describe the habit of baypay.
Describe the habit of sadao India.
Describe the habit of mindi maranngo.
Describe the habit of sdao.
Describe the habit of azad darakhul-hind.
Describe the habit of jänönapila.
Describe the habit of trifoglio arvense.
Describe the habit of hare-kløver.
Describe the habit of trevo pe' de lebre.
Describe the habit of Trifolii albi et rubri flos.
Describe the habit of coltsfoot.
Describe the habit of coltsfoot herb.
Describe the habit of farfara.
Describe the habit of horsehoof.
Describe the habit of clayweed.
Describe the habit of dove dock.
Describe the habit of hairy bauhinia.
Describe the habit of bosbeesklou.
Describe the habit of isiThibathibana.
Describe the habit of ngai camphor plant.
Describe the habit of camphrier.
Describe the habit of bai mat.
Describe the habit of sembung.
Describe the habit of sembang utan.
Describe the habit of sembang gantung.
Describe the habit of nat.
Describe the habit of phi ma sen.
Describe the habit of chapa.
Describe the habit of chapor.
Describe the habit of sembong.
Describe the habit of poung-ma-theing.
Describe the habit of sambong.
Describe the habit of lakadbulan.
Describe the habit of subsub.
Describe the habit of kam phung.
Describe the habit of nat yai.
Describe the habit of dai bi.
Describe the habit of tur bi.
Describe the habit of dai ngai.
Describe the habit of co nat.
Describe the habit of phac pha.
Describe the habit of bawng phiesn.
Describe the habit of ka-aen.
Describe the habit of khing sai.
Describe the habit of krachai.
Describe the habit of wan phra athit.
Describe the habit of ra-aen.
Describe the habit of poh see.
Describe the habit of poh so roh.
Describe the habit of temu kunci.
Describe the habit of luban.
Describe the habit of salai.
Describe the habit of Indian frankincense tree.
Describe the habit of Indian olibanum tree.
Describe the habit of saler.
Describe the habit of salga.
Describe the habit of salhe.
Describe the habit of sali.
Describe the habit of gugulu.
Describe the habit of kundrikam.
Describe the habit of kungli.
Describe the habit of morada.
Describe the habit of bean-pod tree.
Describe the habit of igonda.
Describe the habit of msasa.
Describe the habit of musasa.
Describe the habit of mrihi.
Describe the habit of mriti.
Describe the habit of myombo.
Describe the habit of flame-of-the-forest.
Describe the habit of Bengal kino.
Describe the habit of tisso.
Describe the habit of bastard teak.
Describe the habit of muduga oil tree.
Describe the habit of butea gum tree.
Describe the habit of pouk-pen.
Describe the habit of dhak.
Describe the habit of palas.
Describe the habit of pulas.
Describe the habit of palasa.
Describe the habit of chaa.
Describe the habit of chaan.
Describe the habit of favas de engenho.
Describe the habit of palasse.
Describe the habit of thong kwaao.
Describe the habit of tong thammachaat.
Describe the habit of divi-divi.
Describe the habit of dividivi.
Describe the habit of libidibi.
Describe the habit of apple of Sodom.
Describe the habit of Sodom apple.
Describe the habit of akund fibre.
Describe the habit of french cotton.
Describe the habit of marsh milkweed.
Describe the habit of Calotropis.
Describe the habit of rubber bush.
Describe the habit of mudar.
Describe the habit of yercum fibre.
Describe the habit of desert apple.
Describe the habit of Mudar Yercum.
Describe the habit of madar.
Describe the habit of king's crown.
Describe the habit of roostertree.
Describe the habit of shakr (Oman).
Describe the habit of arbre à soie.
Describe the habit of aak.
Describe the habit of desi aak.
Describe the habit of giant milkweed.
Describe the habit of tobbeya.
Describe the habit of tobia.
Describe the habit of yahara-zaf.
Describe the habit of ghinda.
Describe the habit of akalo.
Describe the habit of tomfi.
Describe the habit of gala.
Describe the habit of boha.
Describe the habit of u'sher (Sudan).
Describe the habit of ashkhar (UAE).
Describe the habit of hemp.
Describe the habit of chanvre.
Describe the habit of hanf.
Describe the habit of hennep.
Describe the habit of canamo.
Describe the habit of canapa.
Describe the habit of hampa.
Describe the habit of kannab.
Describe the habit of kender.
Describe the habit of kenop.
Describe the habit of konoplya.
Describe the habit of asa.
Describe the habit of shepherd's purse.
Describe the habit of bourse-a-pasteur.
Describe the habit of Hirtentäschelchen.
Describe the habit of Bursae pastoris herba.
Describe the habit of Brazilian mahogany.
Describe the habit of bastard mahogany.
Describe the habit of crabwood.
Describe the habit of andiroba.
Describe the habit of andiroba-saruba.
Describe the habit of iandirova.
Describe the habit of carapa.
Describe the habit of requia.
Describe the habit of European hornbeam.
Describe the habit of yoke elm.
Describe the habit of charme commun.
Describe the habit of carpino bianco.
Describe the habit of Hainbuche.
Describe the habit of Steinbuche.
Describe the habit of carpa europeia.
Describe the habit of carpino.
Describe the habit of senna.
Describe the habit of arabian senna.
Describe the habit of sene.
Describe the habit of sene d'arabie.
Describe the habit of sen.
Describe the habit of sanaehindi.
Describe the habit of uzkolistnaja kassija.
Describe the habit of bhuikhakhasa.
Describe the habit of bhumiari.
Describe the habit of sanai makki.
Describe the habit of Indian bean tree.
Describe the habit of brown radiant knapweed.
Describe the habit of knapweed.
Describe the habit of vanleg knoppurt.
Describe the habit of almindelig knopurt.
Describe the habit of ahdekaunokki.
Describe the habit of brown knapweed.
Describe the habit of rödklint.
Describe the habit of wiesen-flockenblume.
Describe the habit of jacea.
Describe the habit of mangrove.
Describe the habit of wallflower.
Describe the habit of gyllenlack.
Describe the habit of gyllenlakk.
Describe the habit of tavallinen kultulakka.
Describe the habit of goldlack.
Describe the habit of great celandine.
Describe the habit of grande chelidoine.
Describe the habit of eclaire.
Describe the habit of Schöllkraut.
Describe the habit of skelört.
Describe the habit of svaleurt.
Describe the habit of keltamo.
Describe the habit of svalört.
Describe the habit of Chelidonii herba.
Describe the habit of Chelidonii radix.
Describe the habit of iroko tree.
Describe the habit of African teak.
Describe the habit of Nigerian teak.
Describe the habit of odoom tree.
Describe the habit of rock elm.
Describe the habit of counter wood.
Describe the habit of muvule.
Describe the habit of mvule.
Describe the habit of loko.
Describe the habit of oji.
Describe the habit of iroko.
Describe the habit of iroco.
Describe the habit of moreira.
Describe the habit of intule.
Describe the habit of pau bicho-amarelo.
Describe the habit of mukamba-kamba.
Describe the habit of mecuco.
Describe the habit of mucuco.
Describe the habit of mucoco.
Describe the habit of mucumba'-vleme'.
Describe the habit of mugunda.
Describe the habit of traveller's joy.
Describe the habit of old man's beard.
Describe the habit of lady's bower.
Describe the habit of smokewood.
Describe the habit of whitywood.
Describe the habit of vide branca.
Describe the habit of cipo' do reino.
Describe the habit of skogsklematis.
Describe the habit of Tysk klematis.
Describe the habit of skovranke.
Describe the habit of gewöhnliche waldrebe.
Describe the habit of meadow saffron.
Describe the habit of autumn crocus.
Describe the habit of Hungarian colchicum.
Describe the habit of colchique d'automne.
Describe the habit of tue-chien.
Describe the habit of Herbstzeitlose.
Describe the habit of Bulbus colchici.
Describe the habit of Colchici semen.
Describe the habit of tidlösa.
Describe the habit of hösttidlösa.
Describe the habit of nakna jungfrun.
Describe the habit of vanlig tidlösa.
Describe the habit of tidlaus.
Describe the habit of tidløyse.
Describe the habit of høst-tidløs.
Describe the habit of syysmyrkkylilja.
Describe the habit of eddi shebai.
Describe the habit of hemlock.
Describe the habit of poison hemlock.
Describe the habit of odört.
Describe the habit of giftkjeks.
Describe the habit of skarntyde.
Describe the habit of myrkkykatko.
Describe the habit of gefleckter schierling.
Describe the habit of chof-chof.
Describe the habit of buttonwood.
Describe the habit of mangrove.
Describe the habit of zaragoza mangrove.
Describe the habit of lily of the valley.
Describe the habit of may lily.
Describe the habit of convallaria.
Describe the habit of our lady's tears.
Describe the habit of Convall-lily.
Describe the habit of lily constancy.
Describe the habit of ladder-to-heaven.
Describe the habit of Jacob's ladder.
Describe the habit of male lily.
Describe the habit of muguet.
Describe the habit of maiblume.
Describe the habit of maiglöckchen.
Describe the habit of mughetto.
Describe the habit of liljekonvalj.
Describe the habit of konvalje.
Describe the habit of liljekonvalje.
Describe the habit of liljekonvall.
Describe the habit of liljekonval.
Describe the habit of kielo.
Describe the habit of field bindweed.
Describe the habit of åkervinda.
Describe the habit of vanlig åkervinda.
Describe the habit of smalbladig åkervinda.
Describe the habit of åkervindel.
Describe the habit of ager-snerle.
Describe the habit of peltokierto.
Describe the habit of Ackerwinde.
Describe the habit of lehli.
Describe the habit of Italian cypress.
Describe the habit of Mediterranean cypress.
Describe the habit of mourning cypress.
Describe the habit of cyprès.
Describe the habit of cypres d'Italie.
Describe the habit of zypresse.
Describe the habit of cipresso.
Describe the habit of cipreste.
Describe the habit of cedro bastardo.
Describe the habit of ciprés.
Describe the habit of cipres comun.
Describe the habit of cipres italiano.
Describe the habit of lesser dodder.
Describe the habit of dodder.
Describe the habit of common dodder.
Describe the habit of clover dodder.
Describe the habit of ljungsnärja.
Describe the habit of ljungsilke.
Describe the habit of klöversnärja.
Describe the habit of kloeversnaerja.
Describe the habit of timiansnikjetråd.
Describe the habit of lyng-silke.
Describe the habit of kløver-silke.
Describe the habit of apilanvieras.
Describe the habit of Quendelseide.
Describe the habit of Thymianseide.
Describe the habit of Kleeseide.
Describe the habit of epitimo.
Describe the habit of cuscuta del trebol.
Describe the habit of cuscute du thym.
Describe the habit of cuscute du trefle.
Describe the habit of cuscuta piccola.
Describe the habit of cuscuta del trifoglio.
Describe the habit of duivelsnaaigaren.
Describe the habit of klein Warkruid.
Describe the habit of cabelos.
Describe the habit of hound's tongue.
Describe the habit of hundtunga.
Describe the habit of hundetunge.
Describe the habit of rohtokoirankielet.
Describe the habit of echte hundszunge.
Describe the habit of mezereon.
Describe the habit of February daphne.
Describe the habit of paradise plant.
Describe the habit of misterious plant.
Describe the habit of widow wail.
Describe the habit of gewöhnlicher seidelbast.
Describe the habit of mezereao.
Describe the habit of mezereu.
Describe the habit of tibast.
Describe the habit of källarhals.
Describe the habit of vanlig tibast.
Describe the habit of tysbast.
Describe the habit of pebertræ.
Describe the habit of näsiä.
Describe the habit of Pongame oil tree.
Describe the habit of Grecian foxglove.
Describe the habit of woolly foxglove.
Describe the habit of foxglove.
Describe the habit of digitale laineuse.
Describe the habit of wolliger Fingerhut.
Describe the habit of dedaleira felpuda.
Describe the habit of Digitalis lanatae folium.
Describe the habit of yellow foxglove.
Describe the habit of straw foxglove.
Describe the habit of dedaleira amarela.
Describe the habit of liten fingerborgsblomma.
Describe the habit of gul revebjølle.
Describe the habit of gul fingerbøl.
Describe the habit of pikkusormustinkukka.
Describe the habit of gelber fingerhut.
Describe the habit of common foxglove.
Describe the habit of purple foxglove.
Describe the habit of foxglove.
Describe the habit of foxes glofa (Anglo-Saxon).
Describe the habit of witches' glove.
Describe the habit of dead man's bells.
Describe the habit of bloody fingers.
Describe the habit of bloody man's fingers.
Describe the habit of flapdock.
Describe the habit of fairy glove.
Describe the habit of fairy finger.
Describe the habit of finger flower.
Describe the habit of lady glove.
Describe the habit of Roter Fingerhut.
Describe the habit of Fingerkraut.
Describe the habit of Waldglocke.
Describe the habit of Waldglöckchen.
Describe the habit of Waldschelle.
Describe the habit of Unserliebenfrauenhandschuh.
Describe the habit of Digitale pourpré.
Describe the habit of Digitale rossa.
Describe the habit of dedaleira.
Describe the habit of digitalis.
Describe the habit of cacapeiro.
Describe the habit of dedalario.
Describe the habit of erva dedal.
Describe the habit of estoura-fole.
Describe the habit of luvas de Santa Maria.
Describe the habit of luvas de pastora.
Describe the habit of Almindelig fingerbøl.
Describe the habit of Fingerbøl.
Describe the habit of Rød fingerbøl.
Describe the habit of Fingerborgsblomma.
Describe the habit of Revebjølle.
Describe the habit of Revebjelle.
Describe the habit of Fingurbjargablóm.
Describe the habit of Fingurbjargarblóm.
Describe the habit of Rohtosormustinkukka.
Describe the habit of Sormustinkukka.
Describe the habit of Naparstnica purpurowa.
Describe the habit of Naparstnik.
Describe the habit of Echte Vingerhoedskruid.
Describe the habit of Vingerhoedskruid soort.
Describe the habit of Dedalera.
Describe the habit of Potschen.
Describe the habit of barbasco.
Describe the habit of gurjum tree.
Describe the habit of dau.
Describe the habit of sundew.
Describe the habit of round-leaved sundew.
Describe the habit of rundblättriger sonnentau.
Describe the habit of rundsoldogg.
Describe the habit of rundbladet soldug.
Describe the habit of pyöreälehtikihokki.
Describe the habit of sóldögg.
Describe the habit of ngmoo.
Describe the habit of squirting cucumber.
Describe the habit of pepino de Sao Gregorio.
Describe the habit of pepino do Diabo.
Describe the habit of elaterio.
Describe the habit of Lehmann's love grass.
Describe the habit of knietjiesgras.
Describe the habit of Red-hot poker tree.
Describe the habit of flame tree.
Describe the habit of lucky bean tree.
Describe the habit of Mwamba-ngoma.
Describe the habit of kafur limuni.
Describe the habit of lemon-scented gum.
Describe the habit of lemon-scented iron gum.
Describe the habit of spotted gum.
Describe the habit of mkaratusi.
Describe the habit of kaliptis.
Describe the habit of bluegum.
Describe the habit of bluegum eucalyptus.
Describe the habit of fever tree.
Describe the habit of southern bluegum.
Describe the habit of Tasmanian bluegum.
Describe the habit of turpentine gas.
Describe the habit of yukari-no-ki.
Describe the habit of eucalipto.
Describe the habit of caper spurge.
Describe the habit of buckthorn.
Describe the habit of alder buckthorn.
Describe the habit of Faulbaum.
Describe the habit of brakved.
Describe the habit of sprakved.
Describe the habit of braktorn.
Describe the habit of toste.
Describe the habit of trollhegg.
Describe the habit of tørst.
Describe the habit of korpipaatsama.
Describe the habit of Frangulae cortex.
Describe the habit of ash.
Describe the habit of European ash.
Describe the habit of frassino.
Describe the habit of gewöhnliche Esche.
Describe the habit of Esche.
Describe the habit of frêne.
Describe the habit of freixo da Europa.
Describe the habit of quina da Europa.
Describe the habit of fresno.
Describe the habit of ask.
Describe the habit of almindelig ask.
Describe the habit of vanlig ask.
Describe the habit of Lehtosaarni.
Describe the habit of Saarni.
Describe the habit of common ash.
Describe the habit of Fraxini folium.
Describe the habit of goat's rue.
Describe the habit of French lilac.
Describe the habit of European goat's-rue.
Describe the habit of professor weed.
Describe the habit of Geisraute.
Describe the habit of capraria.
Describe the habit of galega.
Describe the habit of Galegae herba.
Describe the habit of herb Robert.
Describe the habit of Robert herb.
Describe the habit of ragged Robert.
Describe the habit of red shanks.
Describe the habit of red robin.
Describe the habit of mountain geranium.
Describe the habit of jenny wren.
Describe the habit of fox geranium.
Describe the habit of stinkender storchschnabel.
Describe the habit of erva roberta.
Describe the habit of erva de Sao Roberto.
Describe the habit of stinknäva.
Describe the habit of stinknäbba.
Describe the habit of urakatt.
Describe the habit of stinkende storkenæb.
Describe the habit of haisukurjenpolvi.
Describe the habit of cotton root.
Describe the habit of gayak.
Describe the habit of gayak fran.
Describe the habit of frazostrae.
Describe the habit of pokhout.
Describe the habit of guaiacum.
Describe the habit of lignum-vitae tree.
Describe the habit of arbre de vie.
Describe the habit of bois saint.
Describe the habit of gaïac.
Describe the habit of gaïac bâtard.
Describe the habit of gaïac franc.
Describe the habit of gaïac mâle.
Describe the habit of gaïac officnale.
Describe the habit of Franzosenholz.
Describe the habit of Guajakholz.
Describe the habit of guajaco.
Describe the habit of legno guajacano.
Describe the habit of legno santo.
Describe the habit of guyaiaco.
Describe the habit of bakaut.
Describe the habit of guayacan.
Describe the habit of guayaco.
Describe the habit of leno santo.
Describe the habit of palo santo.
Describe the habit of pano santo de las Indias.
Describe the habit of fransosenholts.
Describe the habit of common lignum-vitae (Trade name).
Describe the habit of kosso.
Describe the habit of habbi.
Describe the habit of duchia (Galinya).
Describe the habit of edo (Galinya).
Describe the habit of fieto (Galinya).
Describe the habit of heto (Galinya.
Describe the habit of Kaffa).
Describe the habit of witch hazel.
Describe the habit of common ivy.
Describe the habit of ivy.
Describe the habit of English ivy.
Describe the habit of Algerian ivy.
Describe the habit of Canary ivy.
Describe the habit of Madeira ivy.
Describe the habit of Engelse hedera.
Describe the habit of Efeu.
Describe the habit of mouse-ear hawkweed.
Describe the habit of mouse bloodwort.
Describe the habit of pilosela das boticas.
Describe the habit of henbane.
Describe the habit of henblain.
Describe the habit of jusquiame noire.
Describe the habit of herbe aux poules.
Describe the habit of mort aux poules.
Describe the habit of bilsenkraut.
Describe the habit of saint john's wort.
Describe the habit of St John's wort.
Describe the habit of klamath weed.
Describe the habit of common St Johnswort.
Describe the habit of hipericon.
Describe the habit of hierba de San Juan.
Describe the habit of herbe a mille trous.
Describe the habit of millepertuis perfore.
Describe the habit of hipericao.
Describe the habit of milfurada.
Describe the habit of Tüpfel-Johanniskraut.
Describe the habit of Tüpfel-Hartheu.
Describe the habit of Johanniskraut.
Describe the habit of erba di San Giovanni.
Describe the habit of iperico perforato.
Describe the habit of Sint janskruid.
Describe the habit of Johannesoert.
Describe the habit of johanneskruid.
Describe the habit of balsana.
Describe the habit of Hyperici herba.
Describe the habit of erva-mate.
Describe the habit of mate.
Describe the habit of erva (Br).
Describe the habit of yerba mate.
Describe the habit of Java indigo.
Describe the habit of anileira de Java.
Describe the habit of German iris.
Describe the habit of garden iris.
Describe the habit of garden flag.
Describe the habit of purple flag.
Describe the habit of common iris.
Describe the habit of pogon iris.
Describe the habit of lirio-cardeno.
Describe the habit of lirio azul.
Describe the habit of jacaranda.
Describe the habit of mimosa-leaved ebony.
Describe the habit of black poui.
Describe the habit of green ebony.
Describe the habit of palissandra.
Describe the habit of carobaguacu'.
Describe the habit of jakaranda.
Describe the habit of African pencil cedar.
Describe the habit of East African cedar.
Describe the habit of African juniper.
Describe the habit of Afrikanischer Wacholder.
Describe the habit of Afrikanische Bleistiftzeder.
Describe the habit of genévrier élevé.
Describe the habit of genévrier d'Afrique.
Describe the habit of zimbro africano.
Describe the habit of tidh.
Describe the habit of gattira (Galinya).
Describe the habit of Mutarakwa.
Describe the habit of savin.
Describe the habit of savine.
Describe the habit of savin juniper.
Describe the habit of sabina.
Describe the habit of sabina da praia.
Describe the habit of African mahogany.
Describe the habit of cailcedra.
Describe the habit of mogno africano.
Describe the habit of wild lettuce.
Describe the habit of white buttonwood.
Describe the habit of buttonwood.
Describe the habit of mangrove.
Describe the habit of European larch.
Describe the habit of larice.
Describe the habit of Lärche.
Describe the habit of mélèze.
Describe the habit of alerce.
Describe the habit of French lavender.
Describe the habit of lavandin.
Describe the habit of hybrid lavender.
Describe the habit of lavender.
Describe the habit of lavande.
Describe the habit of lavendel.
Describe the habit of lavanda.
Describe the habit of spike lavender.
Describe the habit of privet.
Describe the habit of hedge plant.
Describe the habit of Annunciation lily.
Describe the habit of Madonna lily.
Describe the habit of Mary lily.
Describe the habit of Bourbon lily.
Describe the habit of white lily.
Describe the habit of acucena.
Describe the habit of bastao de S. Jose'.
Describe the habit of copo-de-leite.
Describe the habit of flax.
Describe the habit of linseed.
Describe the habit of yama.
Describe the habit of Endabé.
Describe the habit of Entati.
Describe the habit of Telba.
Describe the habit of Talba.
Describe the habit of lobelia.
Describe the habit of bird's-foot trefoil.
Describe the habit of birdsfoot trefoil.
Describe the habit of bloom-fell.
Describe the habit of crow toe.
Describe the habit of sheep foot.
Describe the habit of shoes-and-stockings.
Describe the habit of babies'-slippers.
Describe the habit of cat-clover.
Describe the habit of geelblom lusern.
Describe the habit of hoenderspoor klawer.
Describe the habit of serradela.
Describe the habit of cornilhao.
Describe the habit of musizi.
Describe the habit of high-mallow.
Describe the habit of common mallow.
Describe the habit of cheeseflower.
Describe the habit of grande mauve.
Describe the habit of Malve.
Describe the habit of wilde Malve.
Describe the habit of malva silvestre.
Describe the habit of Malvae sylvestris mauritianae flos.
Describe the habit of Malvae folium.
Describe the habit of Chinaberry.
Describe the habit of China tree.
Describe the habit of Chinaball tree.
Describe the habit of Persian lilac.
Describe the habit of pride of India.
Describe the habit of Indian Lilac.
Describe the habit of bead tree.
Describe the habit of Texas umbrella tree.
Describe the habit of yellow sweet clover.
Describe the habit of yellow melilot.
Describe the habit of common sweet clover.
Describe the habit of melist.
Describe the habit of king's clover.
Describe the habit of Hart's clover.
Describe the habit of Hart's trefoil.
Describe the habit of trevo de cheiro amarelo.
Describe the habit of anafe amarelo.
Describe the habit of trevo real.
Describe the habit of coroa de rei.
Describe the habit of trébol amarillo.
Describe the habit of trébol dulce amarillo.
Describe the habit of melilot officinal.
Describe the habit of Steinklee.
Describe the habit of Meliloti flos.
Describe the habit of Meliloti herba.
Describe the habit of wild mint.
Describe the habit of bohe.
Describe the habit of thorny sensitive plant.
Describe the habit of thorn of blood.
Describe the habit of juquiri grande.
Describe the habit of kechemo.
Describe the habit of katchu (Adaric).
Describe the habit of evening primrose.
Describe the habit of royal fern.
Describe the habit of king fern.
Describe the habit of regal fern.
Describe the habit of queen fern.
Describe the habit of ditch fern.
Describe the habit of French bracken.
Describe the habit of hartshorn bush.
Describe the habit of Osmund royal fern.
Describe the habit of fento real.
Describe the habit of dentabru'.
Describe the habit of konigsfarn.
Describe the habit of feto real.
Describe the habit of helecho real.
Describe the habit of Chinese ginseng.
Describe the habit of Korean ginseng.
Describe the habit of ginseng.
Describe the habit of American ginseng.
Describe the habit of princess tree.
Describe the habit of royal paulownia.
Describe the habit of empress tree.
Describe the habit of foxglove tree.
Describe the habit of paulownia de Chine.
Describe the habit of filzige paulownia.
Describe the habit of do-boku.
Describe the habit of hana-giri.
Describe the habit of hitoha-gusa.
Describe the habit of kiri.
Describe the habit of kiri-noki.
Describe the habit of mukuinamo.
Describe the habit of otoung-nam.
Describe the habit of Norway spruce.
Describe the habit of white deal.
Describe the habit of Jura turpentine.
Describe the habit of Burgundy pitch.
Describe the habit of pitch tree.
Describe the habit of living Christmas tree.
Describe the habit of epicea commun.
Describe the habit of epinette de Norvege.
Describe the habit of Fichte.
Describe the habit of Rottanne.
Describe the habit of Gemeine Fichte.
Describe the habit of Edeltanne.
Describe the habit of abete rosso.
Describe the habit of espruce da Noruega.
Describe the habit of picea.
Describe the habit of abeto del Norte.
Describe the habit of fara(Senegal).
Describe the habit of semellier.
Describe the habit of Scotch pine.
Describe the habit of Scots pine.
Describe the habit of Scotch fir.
Describe the habit of Highland pine.
Describe the habit of Baltic pine.
Describe the habit of Danzing pine.
Describe the habit of red deal.
Describe the habit of yellow deal.
Describe the habit of pin.
Describe the habit of pin sylvestre.
Describe the habit of Kiefer.
Describe the habit of pino.
Describe the habit of pino silvestre.
Describe the habit of skov fyr.
Describe the habit of Waldkiefer.
Describe the habit of Föhre.
Describe the habit of pinheiro da Escocia.
Describe the habit of pinheiro da Russia.
Describe the habit of pinheiro de Genebra.
Describe the habit of Pini turione.
Describe the habit of petroleum nut.
Describe the habit of hanga.
Describe the habit of hoary plantain.
Describe the habit of healing herb.
Describe the habit of lamb's tongue.
Describe the habit of lingua de ovelha.
Describe the habit of calraxo.
Describe the habit of Indian plantago.
Describe the habit of blood plantago.
Describe the habit of isabgol.
Describe the habit of geneima.
Describe the habit of qurayta.
Describe the habit of spogel plantain.
Describe the habit of ispaghula.
Describe the habit of spogelwegerich.
Describe the habit of Spanish psyllium.
Describe the habit of psyllium plantain.
Describe the habit of fleawort.
Describe the habit of fleaseed.
Describe the habit of zaragatoa menor.
Describe the habit of Oriental planetree.
Describe the habit of Eastern sycamore.
Describe the habit of chinar tree.
Describe the habit of doolb.
Describe the habit of buna.
Describe the habit of platane d'Orient.
Describe the habit of platano do Oriente.
Describe the habit of platano de genio.
Describe the habit of coquilho.
Describe the habit of scented Solomon's seal.
Describe the habit of drug Solomon'-seal.
Describe the habit of David's harp.
Describe the habit of selo de Salomao.
Describe the habit of knotgrass.
Describe the habit of knotweed.
Describe the habit of prostrate smartweed.
Describe the habit of bird weed.
Describe the habit of bird-grass.
Describe the habit of bird's-tongue.
Describe the habit of doorweed.
Describe the habit of renouee des oiseaux.
Describe the habit of Vogelknoeterich.
Describe the habit of corriola bastarda.
Describe the habit of escalracho.
Describe the habit of erva da muda.
Describe the habit of sempre-noiva.
Describe the habit of sanguinaria.
Describe the habit of Polygoni avicularis herba.
Describe the habit of Charab poplar.
Describe the habit of Hodung tree.
Describe the habit of bahan.
Describe the habit of peuplier des Indes.
Describe the habit of choupo da India.
Describe the habit of silverweed.
Describe the habit of wild tansy.
Describe the habit of goose tansy.
Describe the habit of argentine.
Describe the habit of Gaensefingerkraut.
Describe the habit of anserina.
Describe the habit of ancarinha.
Describe the habit of pe' de ganso.
Describe the habit of tanaceto bravo.
Describe the habit of Gaenserich.
Describe the habit of Anserinae herba.
Describe the habit of European cowslip.
Describe the habit of English cowslip.
Describe the habit of yellow Star-of-Bethlehem.
Describe the habit of pagle.
Describe the habit of palsywort.
Describe the habit of primevere officinale.
Describe the habit of coucou.
Describe the habit of schluesselblume.
Describe the habit of margarida dos prados.
Describe the habit of primavera.
Describe the habit of bem-me-quer.
Describe the habit of cherry laurel.
Describe the habit of louro-cerejo.
Describe the habit of kiaat.
Describe the habit of wild teak.
Describe the habit of bloodwood.
Describe the habit of paddle-wood.
Describe the habit of sealing-wax tree.
Describe the habit of Transvaal teak.
Describe the habit of african teak.
Describe the habit of bloedhout.
Describe the habit of dolfhout.
Describe the habit of greinhout.
Describe the habit of kajatenhout.
Describe the habit of lakhout.
Describe the habit of wilde-kiaat.
Describe the habit of umVangati.
Describe the habit of umVangatsi.
Describe the habit of umWangati.
Describe the habit of morôtô.
Describe the habit of mmilo.
Describe the habit of mvhangazi.
Describe the habit of mokwa.
Describe the habit of morotômadi.
Describe the habit of mutondo.
Describe the habit of muvhangazi.
Describe the habit of murotso.
Describe the habit of mukwa.
Describe the habit of umVangazi.
Describe the habit of umBilo.
Describe the habit of mninga.
Describe the habit of mutete.
Describe the habit of mtumbati.
Describe the habit of Burma creeper.
Describe the habit of Chinese honeysuckle.
Describe the habit of Rangoon creeper.
Describe the habit of dong preah phnom.
Describe the habit of vor romiet nhi.
Describe the habit of udani.
Describe the habit of bidani.
Describe the habit of cekluk.
Describe the habit of dok ung.
Describe the habit of khua hung.
Describe the habit of sa mang.
Describe the habit of akar dani.
Describe the habit of selimpas.
Describe the habit of niyog-niyogan.
Describe the habit of balitadham.
Describe the habit of tartaraok.
Describe the habit of cha mang.
Describe the habit of thai mong.
Describe the habit of lep mue nang.
Describe the habit of sur quan.
Describe the habit of qua giun.
Describe the habit of day giun.
Describe the habit of quar nac.
Describe the habit of mac giaogiun.
Describe the habit of may lang curong.
Describe the habit of madder.
Describe the habit of common madder.
Describe the habit of dyer's madder.
Describe the habit of European madder.
Describe the habit of munjeet.
Describe the habit of garance.
Describe the habit of alizarin.
Describe the habit of granza.
Describe the habit of garanca.
Describe the habit of ruiva dos tintureiros.
Describe the habit of sanicle.
Describe the habit of European wood sanicle.
Describe the habit of sanicula.
Describe the habit of lavender cotton.
Describe the habit of soapwort.
Describe the habit of saponary.
Describe the habit of latherwort.
Describe the habit of sweet Betty.
Describe the habit of Fuller's herb.
Describe the habit of bouncing-bet.
Describe the habit of echtes Seifenkraut.
Describe the habit of suopayrtti.
Describe the habit of sæbeurt.
Describe the habit of såpeurt.
Describe the habit of erva saboeira.
Describe the habit of saponaria.
Describe the habit of saboneira.
Describe the habit of saboeira legitima.
Describe the habit of sabedoria legitima.
Describe the habit of såpnejlika.
Describe the habit of Saponaria rubrae herba.
Describe the habit of Saponaria rubrae radix.
Describe the habit of common groundsel.
Describe the habit of groundsel.
Describe the habit of ragwort.
Describe the habit of simson.
Describe the habit of old-man-in-the-spring.
Describe the habit of tasneirinha.
Describe the habit of cardo-morto.
Describe the habit of palmetto.
Describe the habit of saw palmetto.
Describe the habit of Lady's thistle.
Describe the habit of St. Mary's thistle.
Describe the habit of holy thistle.
Describe the habit of milk thistle.
Describe the habit of blessed milk-thistle.
Describe the habit of kenguel seed.
Describe the habit of variegated thistle.
Describe the habit of cardo Mariano.
Describe the habit of Cardui mariani fructus.
Describe the habit of Cardui mariani folium.
Describe the habit of hedge mustard.
Describe the habit of Italian smilax.
Describe the habit of Eurasian greenbrier.
Describe the habit of rough bindweed.
Describe the habit of salsaparrilha bastarda.
Describe the habit of salsaparrilha do reino.
Describe the habit of salsaparrilha indigena.
Describe the habit of alegra-campo.
Describe the habit of European bittersweet.
Describe the habit of bittersweet.
Describe the habit of bitter nightshade.
Describe the habit of woody nightshade.
Describe the habit of blue nightshade.
Describe the habit of blue bindweed.
Describe the habit of tether-devil.
Describe the habit of douce-amere.
Describe the habit of dulcamara.
Describe the habit of uva de cao.
Describe the habit of doce-amarga.
Describe the habit of amara-dulcis.
Describe the habit of Bittersüß.
Describe the habit of Dulcamarae stipites.
Describe the habit of Indian redwood.
Describe the habit of Indian mahogany.
Describe the habit of bastard cedar.
Describe the habit of rohan.
Describe the habit of rohun.
Describe the habit of Spanish broom.
Describe the habit of weaver's broom.
Describe the habit of ginestra.
Describe the habit of giesta de Espanha.
Describe the habit of gyldenris.
Describe the habit of betony.
Describe the habit of French tamarisk.
Describe the habit of kori.
Describe the habit of tamargueira francesa.
Describe the habit of tarafe.
Describe the habit of yew.
Describe the habit of taks.
Describe the habit of tasso.
Describe the habit of Eibe.
Describe the habit of Eibenbaum.
Describe the habit of European linden.
Describe the habit of little-leaf linden.
Describe the habit of small-leaved linden.
Describe the habit of small-leaved lime.
Describe the habit of lime tree.
Describe the habit of tilleul a petites feuilles.
Describe the habit of Linde.
Describe the habit of tiglio selvatico.
Describe the habit of tilia da Europa.
Describe the habit of tilia das folhas pequenas.
Describe the habit of tila de Europa.
Describe the habit of Carbo tiliae.
Describe the habit of Tiliae officinalis flos.
Describe the habit of Tiliae folium.
Describe the habit of Tilium cortex.
Describe the habit of large-leaved European linden.
Describe the habit of large-leaved lime.
Describe the habit of large-leaved linden.
Describe the habit of big-leaf linden.
Describe the habit of tilleul a grandes feuilles.
Describe the habit of tilia das folhas grandes.
Describe the habit of storbladet lind.
Describe the habit of Carbo tiliae.
Describe the habit of Tiliae officinalis flos.
Describe the habit of Tiliae folium.
Describe the habit of Tilium cortex.
Describe the habit of hare's-foot clover.
Describe the habit of rabbit-foot clover.
Describe the habit of old-field clover.
Describe the habit of dogs-and-cats.
Describe the habit of stone clover.
Describe the habit of trefle des champs.
Describe the habit of trefle pied de lievre.
Describe the habit of hare kl¢ver.
Describe the habit of Hasenklee.
Describe the habit of Ackerklee.
Describe the habit of coughwort.
Describe the habit of tussilage.
Describe the habit of Huflattich.
Describe the habit of f¢lfod.
Describe the habit of tussilagem.
Describe the habit of farfaria.
Describe the habit of nardosmia.
Describe the habit of casco de cavalo.
Describe the habit of unha de asno.
Describe the habit of Farfarae folium.
Describe the habit of Farfarae flos.
Describe the habit of English elm.
Describe the habit of Engelsk elm.
Describe the habit of mosqueiro.
Describe the habit of olmo ingles.
Describe the habit of gambier.
Describe the habit of Bengal gambir.
Describe the habit of gambir da India.
Describe the habit of gambeiro.
Describe the habit of Indian copal/eng.
Describe the habit of piney tree/eng.
Describe the habit of white dammar/eng.
Describe the habit of dhupa/eng.
Describe the habit of Malabar tallow tree/eng.
Describe the habit of goma copal/pot.
Describe the habit of goma da India/por.
Describe the habit of thandorah/eng.
Describe the habit of vine tree/eng.
Describe the habit of European white hellebore.
Describe the habit of white hellebore.
Describe the habit of white false helleborine.
Describe the habit of hvid foldblad.
Describe the habit of veratro branco.
Describe the habit of flor da verdade.
Describe the habit of mullein.
Describe the habit of orange mullein.
Describe the habit of woolly mullein.
Describe the habit of bouillon blanc.
Describe the habit of Königskerze.
Describe the habit of verbasco felpudo.
Describe the habit of Verbasci flos.
Describe the habit of Verbasci folium.
Describe the habit of lesser periwinkle.
Describe the habit of running myrtle.
Describe the habit of creeping myrtle.
Describe the habit of liden singr¢n.
Describe the habit of kleines immergrün.
Describe the habit of pikkutalvio.
Describe the habit of gravmyrt.
Describe the habit of pervinca menor.
Describe the habit of congossa menor.
Describe the habit of erva da inveja.
Describe the habit of vintergröna.
Describe the habit of sweet violet.
Describe the habit of Parma violet.
Describe the habit of florist's violet.
Describe the habit of Neapolitan violet.
Describe the habit of marts viol.
Describe the habit of violeta de cheiro.
Describe the habit of violeta de Parma.
Describe the habit of English violet.
Describe the habit of viooltjie.
Describe the habit of johnny-jump-up.
Describe the habit of love-in-idleness.
Describe the habit of heartsease.
Describe the habit of pansy.
Describe the habit of biddy's eyes.
Describe the habit of vild stedmoderblomst.
Describe the habit of amor-perfeito bravo.
Describe the habit of gesiggie.
Describe the habit of Ackerveilchen.
Describe the habit of Jaceae herba.
Describe the habit of mistletoe.
Describe the habit of European mistletoe.
Describe the habit of gui de chene.
Describe the habit of Mistel.
Describe the habit of vischio.
Describe the habit of mistelten.
Describe the habit of visco.
Describe the habit of Visci folium.
Describe the habit of Visci albae stipes.
Describe the habit of chaste tree.
Describe the habit of hemp tree.
Describe the habit of sage tree.
Describe the habit of Indian spice.
Describe the habit of monk's-pepper tree.
Describe the habit of arvore da castidade.
Describe the habit of agno-casto.
Describe the habit of Agni-casti fructus.
Describe the habit of cutleaf chaste tree.
Describe the habit of five-leaved chaste tree.
Describe the habit of chasta tree.
Describe the habit of horseshoe vitex.
Describe the habit of Indian privet.
Describe the habit of negundo.
Describe the habit of trasiet.
Describe the habit of indrani.
Describe the habit of nirgundi.
Describe the habit of nilpushpi.
Describe the habit of ai tuban.
Describe the habit of legundi laut laki-laki.
Describe the habit of lagundi.
Describe the habit of lemuning.
Describe the habit of lenggundi.
Describe the habit of simali.
Describe the habit of nigand.
Describe the habit of habul fiqa.
Describe the habit of sarsa.
Describe the habit of sanbhalo.
Describe the habit of panjkasht.
Describe the habit of atlaq.
Describe the habit of banna/danna.
Describe the habit of paparau.
Describe the habit of legundi.
Describe the habit of dangla.
Describe the habit of khonthi khemao.
Describe the habit of kuno kamo.
Describe the habit of kunning.
Describe the habit of ngux traro.
Describe the habit of molave.
Describe the habit of small-flower chaste tree.
Describe the habit of Indian ginseng.
Describe the habit of poisonous gooseberry.
Describe the habit of winter cherry.
Describe the habit of ajagandha.
Describe the habit of asgand.
Describe the habit of kanaje.
Describe the habit of samm al ferakh.
Describe the habit of amukkirag.
Describe the habit of amangura.
Describe the habit of asvagandha.
Describe the habit of ashvagandha.
Describe the habit of asundha.
Describe the habit of aswagandha.
Describe the habit of bitterappelliefie.
Describe the habit of geneesbossie.
Describe the habit of vernietsiektebossie.
Describe the habit of ubuvimba.
Describe the habit of umaqhunsula.
Describe the habit of mangrove.
Describe the habit of mangrove.
Describe the habit of grapple.
Describe the habit of devil's claw.
Describe the habit of teufelskralle.
Describe the habit of duiwelsklou.
Describe the habit of kalahari skaapklou.
Describe the habit of skerpioen dubbeltjie.
Describe the habit of veld spinnekop.
Describe the habit of duiwelsdoring.
Describe the habit of kloudoring.
Describe the habit of wolwedoring.
Describe the habit of leeudoring.
Describe the habit of sengaparile.
Describe the habit of legatapitsi.
Describe the habit of Harpagophyti radix.
Describe the habit of liquorice verbena.
Describe the habit of cidreira.
Describe the habit of melissa.
Describe the habit of red stinkwood.
Describe the habit of African stinkwood.
Describe the habit of African cherry.
Describe the habit of bitter almond.
Describe the habit of iron wood.
Describe the habit of rooistinkhout.
Describe the habit of kiburraburra.
Describe the habit of umkakase.
Describe the habit of pygeum.
Describe the habit of African plum tree.
Describe the habit of Mkomohoyo (Tanzania).
Describe the habit of Mseneo (Tanzania).
Describe the habit of Ntasesa (Uganda).
Describe the habit of Mueri (Kenya).
Describe the habit of Ciruelo africano.
Describe the habit of Alumty (Bamenda - Cameroon).
Describe the habit of Kirah (Banso - Cameroon).
Describe the habit of Lluo (Kom - Cameroon).
Describe the habit of Vla (Oku - Cameroon).
Describe the habit of Wotangue (Bakweri).
Describe the habit of Muiri.
Describe the habit of Tenduet (Kenya).
Describe the habit of Gwane.
Describe the habit of Mgambo.
Describe the habit of Mkomohoyo.
Describe the habit of Mseneo.
Describe the habit of Ntasesa.
Describe the habit of arad.
Describe the habit of bitter albizia.
Describe the habit of oosulay.
Describe the habit of varacchi.
Describe the habit of munja.
Describe the habit of sherkam.
Describe the habit of suranji.
Describe the habit of thuringi.
Describe the habit of unjal.
Describe the habit of woomjai.
Describe the habit of muvola.
Describe the habit of common waterplantain.
Describe the habit of water plantain.
Describe the habit of padda-lepel.
Describe the habit of American waterplantain.
Describe the habit of great water-plantain.
Describe the habit of marsh drain.
Describe the habit of mad-dog weed.
Describe the habit of plantain d'eau ˆ flûteau.
Describe the habit of ratamosarpio.
Describe the habit of svalting.
Describe the habit of kranssvalting.
Describe the habit of vanlig svalting.
Describe the habit of chastukha podorojnikovaya.
Describe the habit of zabieniec babka wodna.
Describe the habit of vassgro.
Describe the habit of vejbred-skeblad.
Describe the habit of gewöhnlicher froschlöffel.
Describe the habit of waterweegbree.
Describe the habit of corr-chopag.
Describe the habit of creat.
Describe the habit of green chireta.
Describe the habit of kariyat.
Describe the habit of kalmegh.
Describe the habit of roi des amers.
Describe the habit of ki oray.
Describe the habit of sambilata.
Describe the habit of ampadu.
Describe the habit of andrografis.
Describe the habit of kariyaat.
Describe the habit of aluy.
Describe the habit of lekha.
Describe the habit of sinta.
Describe the habit of fa thalai chon.
Describe the habit of fa thalai.
Describe the habit of ya kan ngu.
Describe the habit of cong cong.
Describe the habit of khor diejp.
Describe the habit of xuyen tam lien.
Describe the habit of khee-pang-hee.
Describe the habit of yaa kannguu.
Describe the habit of snapdragon.
Describe the habit of rabbit's mouth.
Describe the habit of toad's-mouth.
Describe the habit of calves'-snout.
Describe the habit of lion's mouth.
Describe the habit of flapdragon.
Describe the habit of muflier.
Describe the habit of bocas de lobo.
Describe the habit of focinho de burro.
Describe the habit of boca de dragao.
Describe the habit of boca de leao.
Describe the habit of erva-bezerra.
Describe the habit of boca de dragon.
Describe the habit of hemp dogbane.
Describe the habit of black hemp.
Describe the habit of black Indian hemp.
Describe the habit of Canadian hemp.
Describe the habit of American hemp.
Describe the habit of amy-root.
Describe the habit of bowmans root.
Describe the habit of bitterroot.
Describe the habit of Indian-physic.
Describe the habit of rheumatism weed.
Describe the habit of milkweed.
Describe the habit of wild cotton.
Describe the habit of Choctaw-root.
Describe the habit of snakeroot.
Describe the habit of woodruff.
Describe the habit of asperule.
Describe the habit of waldmeister.
Describe the habit of Herba Asperuale odoratae.
Describe the habit of ivyleaved toadflax.
Describe the habit of kenilworth ivy.
Describe the habit of male fern.
Describe the habit of wurmfarn.
Describe the habit of ormetelg.
Describe the habit of almindelig mangeløv.
Describe the habit of kivikkoalvejuuri.
Describe the habit of stóriburkni.
Describe the habit of coca leaf.
Describe the habit of coca.
Describe the habit of Peru coca.
Describe the habit of Tasmania blue gum.
Describe the habit of eucalyptus.
Describe the habit of southern blue gum.
Describe the habit of blue gum.
Describe the habit of swamp gum.
Describe the habit of eucalipto vulgar.
Describe the habit of fever tree.
Describe the habit of bahir-zaf.
Describe the habit of kaliti (Galinya).
Describe the habit of hemp agrimony.
Describe the habit of Wasserdost.
Describe the habit of hampflockel.
Describe the habit of flocks.
Describe the habit of floksört.
Describe the habit of hampört.
Describe the habit of hjortetrøst.
Describe the habit of punalatva.
Describe the habit of Eupatorii cannabini herba.
Describe the habit of Alpine forget me not.
Describe the habit of restharrow.
Describe the habit of arrete-boeuf.
Describe the habit of bugrane.
Describe the habit of Hauhechel.
Describe the habit of prickly restharrow.
Describe the habit of spiny restharrow.
Describe the habit of Ononidis radix.
Describe the habit of Ononidis herba.
Describe the habit of grass of Parnassus.
Describe the habit of parnassia.
Describe the habit of parnasia.
Describe the habit of weeping wattle.
Describe the habit of african wattle.
Describe the habit of huilboom.
Describe the habit of huilbos.
Describe the habit of isiKhabamkhombe.
Describe the habit of mosetlha.
Describe the habit of umThobo.
Describe the habit of African weeping-wattle.
Describe the habit of Rhodesian wattle.
Describe the habit of rooikiaat.
Describe the habit of mosehla.
Describe the habit of mosese.
Describe the habit of ndzedze.
Describe the habit of musese.
Describe the habit of umsehle.
Describe the habit of dopperkiaat.
Describe the habit of rain bush.
Describe the habit of nhlanhlanhu.
Describe the habit of motlepe.
Describe the habit of omuparara.
Describe the habit of African false wattle.
Describe the habit of butter bur.
Describe the habit of echte Pestwurz.
Describe the habit of Petasitidis folium.
Describe the habit of Petasiditisradix.
Describe the habit of pestskrå.
Describe the habit of pestilensrot.
Describe the habit of pestrot.
Describe the habit of skrå.
Describe the habit of Rote Pestwurz.
Describe the habit of Hjartabla&eth;ka (Iceland?).
Describe the habit of Etel&auml;nruttojuuri (Finish).
Describe the habit of R&oslash;d Hestehov (Danish).
Describe the habit of Tordenskr&aelig;ppe (Danish).
Describe the habit of L&aelig;kjepestro (Norwegian).
Describe the habit of eastern cottonwood.
Describe the habit of cottonwood.
Describe the habit of eastern poplar.
Describe the habit of yellow cottonwood.
Describe the habit of water poplar.
Describe the habit of necklace poplar.
Describe the habit of peuplier d'Amerique.
Describe the habit of choupo da America.
Describe the habit of common tormentil.
Describe the habit of white willow.
Describe the habit of swallow-tailed willow.
Describe the habit of Huntington willow.
Describe the habit of saule blanc.
Describe the habit of Weide.
Describe the habit of salgueiro branco.
Describe the habit of borrazeira branca.
Describe the habit of sinceiro.
Describe the habit of Salicis cortex.
Describe the habit of Salicis folium.
Describe the habit of biting stonecrop.
Describe the habit of mossy stonecrop.
Describe the habit of golden carpet.
Describe the habit of goldmoss stonecrop.
Describe the habit of bird's-bread.
Describe the habit of love-entangle.
Describe the habit of wall grass.
Describe the habit of pao de passaros.
Describe the habit of pimenta das paredes.
Describe the habit of saiao-acre.
Describe the habit of golden rod.
Describe the habit of European goldenrod.
Describe the habit of Solidago.
Describe the habit of vergadoro.
Describe the habit of gullris.
Describe the habit of almindelig gyldenris.
Describe the habit of kultapiisku.
Describe the habit of gewöhnliche Goldrute.
Describe the habit of vara-de-ouro.
Describe the habit of vara de oro.
Describe the habit of Solidaginis herba.
Describe the habit of Virgae aureae herba.
Describe the habit of baldcypress.
Describe the habit of valerian.
Describe the habit of garden heliotrope.
Describe the habit of allheal.
Describe the habit of cherry pie.
Describe the habit of valeriana.
Describe the habit of læge baldrian.
Describe the habit of erva dos gatos.
Describe the habit of Baldrian.
Describe the habit of Valerianae rhizoma et radix.
Describe the habit of Aaron's rod.
Describe the habit of mullein.
Describe the habit of common mullein.
Describe the habit of great mullein.
Describe the habit of velvet dock.
Describe the habit of bullock's lungwort.
Describe the habit of flannel plant.
Describe the habit of flannel leaf.
Describe the habit of candlewick.
Describe the habit of feltwort.
Describe the habit of harebread.
Describe the habit of adam's flannel.
Describe the habit of velvet plant.
Describe the habit of shepherd's club.
Describe the habit of hag's taper.
Describe the habit of filtet kongelys.
Describe the habit of verbasco vulgar.
Describe the habit of ulin ironwood.
Describe the habit of african potato.
Describe the habit of star-flower.
Describe the habit of sterblom.
Describe the habit of gifbol.
Describe the habit of lotsane.
Describe the habit of molikharatsa.
Describe the habit of inkomfe.
Describe the habit of white bryony.
Describe the habit of raudgallbær.
Describe the habit of tvebo galdebær.
Describe the habit of punakoiranköynnös.
Describe the habit of zweihäusige zaunrübe.
Describe the habit of röd hundrova.
Describe the habit of Canadian fleabane.
Describe the habit of Kanadisches berufkraut.
Describe the habit of Kanadabinka.
Describe the habit of hestehamp.
Describe the habit of Kanadisk bakkestjerne.
Describe the habit of Kanadankoiransilmä.
Describe the habit of bella umbra.
Describe the habit of belhambra.
Describe the habit of belombra.
Describe the habit of bella sombra.
Describe the habit of monkey grape.
Describe the habit of ombu.
Describe the habit of umbra.
Describe the habit of dikboom.
Describe the habit of bela sombra.
Describe the habit of common club moss.
Describe the habit of driedoring.
Describe the habit of threethorn rhigozum.
Describe the habit of three-thorn.
Describe the habit of Kalahari soap bush.
Describe the habit of mokuburwane.
Describe the habit of mokurubane.
Describe the habit of beechwood.
Describe the habit of Transvaal beech.
Describe the habit of African beech.
Describe the habit of faia africana.
Describe the habit of boekenhout.
Describe the habit of transvaalboekenhout.
Describe the habit of mongena.
Describe the habit of mohlako.
Describe the habit of n'wamidzumba.
Describe the habit of monyena.
Describe the habit of mofufu.
Describe the habit of mutango.
Describe the habit of isafo.
Describe the habit of isefo.
Describe the habit of red boekenhout.
Describe the habit of rooiboekenhout.
Describe the habit of bosveldboekenhout.
Describe the habit of isiqalaba.
Describe the habit of isidwadwa.
Describe the habit of umonyela.
Describe the habit of umcalathole.
Describe the habit of Mukushi.
Describe the habit of Mukusi.
Describe the habit of Rhodesian teak.
Describe the habit of Umgusi.
Describe the habit of Zambesi redwood.
Describe the habit of Rhodesian chestnut.
Describe the habit of tree wistaria.
Describe the habit of wild wistaria.
Describe the habit of elephant wood.
Describe the habit of vanwykshout.
Describe the habit of olifantshout.
Describe the habit of umHohlo.
Describe the habit of Van Wykshout.
Describe the habit of mpfimbahongonyi.
Describe the habit of kgomo-nahlabana.
Describe the habit of muswinga-phala.
Describe the habit of mukumba.
Describe the habit of motsokophala.
Describe the habit of mogohlo.
Describe the habit of wistaria tree.
Describe the habit of nsukungaphala.
Describe the habit of mogapa.
Describe the habit of African blackwood.
Describe the habit of Senegal ebony.
Describe the habit of pau-preto de Africa.
Describe the habit of Cape ash.
Describe the habit of dog plum.
Describe the habit of essenhout.
Describe the habit of umgwenyezinja.
Describe the habit of umgwenya-wezinja.
Describe the habit of umnyamathi.
Describe the habit of uvungu.
Describe the habit of usimanaye.
Describe the habit of umanaye.
Describe the habit of inyamathi.
Describe the habit of mmidibidi.
Describe the habit of mudouma.
Describe the habit of mutovuma.
Describe the habit of musoso.
Describe the habit of muxoxo.
Describe the habit of sapato do diabo.
Describe the habit of velvet bushwillow.
Describe the habit of velvet-leaved combretum.
Describe the habit of fluweelboswilg.
Describe the habit of basterrooibos.
Describe the habit of inKukutwane.
Describe the habit of imMbondvo.
Describe the habit of molatswe.
Describe the habit of xikhukhutsane.
Describe the habit of modubatshipi.
Describe the habit of moduba.
Describe the habit of umBondwe.
Describe the habit of umBondwe-omhlope.
Describe the habit of mokgwethe.
Describe the habit of mugwiti.
Describe the habit of grindelia.
Describe the habit of edelweiss.
Describe the habit of stella alpina.
Describe the habit of flower of Salzburg and Tyrol.
Describe the habit of Austrian flower.
Describe the habit of globeflower.
Describe the habit of engblomme.
Describe the habit of alpine snowbell.
Describe the habit of cobweb houseleek.
Describe the habit of spiderweb leek.
Describe the habit of cottony houseleek.
Describe the habit of hart's tongue.
Describe the habit of dwarf elder.
Describe the habit of danewort.
Describe the habit of elderwort.
Describe the habit of sabugueirinho.
Describe the habit of engos.
Describe the habit of ebulo.
Describe the habit of erva de S. Cristovao.
Describe the habit of alpenrose.
Describe the habit of Rostblättrige Alpenrose.
Describe the habit of kidneywort.
Describe the habit of navleurt.
Describe the habit of common spleenwort.
Describe the habit of mjältbräken.
Describe the habit of kattgullbräken.
Describe the habit of miltbregne.
Describe the habit of rustyback.
Describe the habit of schriftfarn.
Describe the habit of black cohosh.
Describe the habit of common dogwood.
Describe the habit of dogwood.
Describe the habit of bloodtwig dogwood.
Describe the habit of swamp dogwood.
Describe the habit of pegwood.
Describe the habit of sanguinho-legitimo.
Describe the habit of skogskornell.
Describe the habit of benved.
Describe the habit of hårdved.
Describe the habit of vildkornell.
Describe the habit of villkornell.
Describe the habit of rød kornel.
Describe the habit of mustamarjakanukka.
Describe the habit of roter hartriegel.
Describe the habit of Scottish laburnum.
Describe the habit of laburnum.
Describe the habit of Alpgullregn.
Describe the habit of Alpegullregn.
Describe the habit of Alpe-guldregn.
Describe the habit of kaljukultasade.
Describe the habit of kultasade.
Describe the habit of hepatica.
Describe the habit of cat's foot.
Describe the habit of mountain everlasting.
Describe the habit of asarabacca.
Describe the habit of hasselurt.
Describe the habit of europeisk hasselört.
Describe the habit of taponlehti.
Describe the habit of Haselwurz.
Describe the habit of Asari herba cum radix.
Describe the habit of wall rue.
Describe the habit of melancholy gentleman.
Describe the habit of astrantia.
Describe the habit of globe daisy.
Describe the habit of globularia.
Describe the habit of bergskrabba.
Describe the habit of kuleblom.
Describe the habit of kugleblomst.
Describe the habit of peony.
Describe the habit of java tea.
Describe the habit of kidney tea plant.
Describe the habit of the' de java.
Describe the habit of kumis kucing.
Describe the habit of remuk jung.
Describe the habit of balbas-pusa.
Describe the habit of kabling-gubat.
Describe the habit of ya nuat maeo.
Describe the habit of rau meo.
Describe the habit of cay bong bac.
Describe the habit of lesser broomrape.
Describe the habit of seaside alder.
Describe the habit of amieiro maritimo.
Describe the habit of Japanese burning-bush.
Describe the habit of evonimo do Japao.
Describe the habit of yohimbe.
Describe the habit of yohimbin.
Describe the habit of yohimbe bark.
Describe the habit of match-wood.
Describe the habit of mountain trumpet.
Describe the habit of bois de mai.
Describe the habit of bois de Saint Jean.
Describe the habit of cordovan.
Describe the habit of mandiocí.
Describe the habit of marupauba-flasco.
Describe the habit of morototó.
Describe the habit of mucututú.
Describe the habit of pará-pará.
Describe the habit of pau-caixeta.
Describe the habit of paxixica.
Describe the habit of sambacuim.
Describe the habit of anonillo.
Describe the habit of sanch-uva.
Describe the habit of yagrumo macho.
Describe the habit of purple coneflower.
Describe the habit of red sunflower.
Describe the habit of roter Sonnenhut.
Describe the habit of Herba echinaceae purpureae.
Describe the habit of Colorado columbine.
Describe the habit of red columbine.
Describe the habit of wild columbine.
Describe the habit of Canada columbine.
Describe the habit of American columbine.
Describe the habit of meetinghouse.
Describe the habit of rock-bells.
Describe the habit of honeysuckle.
Describe the habit of rock-lily.
Describe the habit of jack-in-trousers.
Describe the habit of cluckies.
Describe the habit of wild honeysuckle.
Describe the habit of northern bush honeysuckle.
Describe the habit of fewflower milkweed.
Describe the habit of purple silkweed.
Describe the habit of common blue wood aster.
Describe the habit of common blue heart-leaved aster.
Describe the habit of blue wood aster.
Describe the habit of Nyasaland mahogany.
Describe the habit of Red mahogany.
Describe the habit of roseroot stonecrop.
Describe the habit of golden root.
Describe the habit of artic root.
Describe the habit of king's crown.
Describe the habit of orpin rose.
Describe the habit of róeniec górski.
Describe the habit of rosenrot.
Describe the habit of rosenrod.
Describe the habit of ruusujuuri.
Describe the habit of burnirót.
Describe the habit of rosenwurz.
Describe the habit of roınis koren.
Describe the habit of rozchodnice rıová.
Describe the habit of hong jing tian.
Describe the habit of iwa-benkei.
Describe the habit of roosilõhnaline kuldjuur.
Describe the habit of cha nang.
Describe the habit of hae phan chan.
Describe the habit of ian don.
Describe the habit of khan nang.
Describe the habit of krung badan.
Describe the habit of lai phueak.
Describe the habit of plalai phueak.
Describe the habit of trueng badan.
Describe the habit of tung so.
Describe the habit of yik bo thong.
Describe the habit of yik mai thueng.
Describe the habit of phiak.
Describe the habit of bedara pahit.
Describe the habit of bedara putih.
Describe the habit of bidara laut.
Describe the habit of lempudu pahit.
Describe the habit of muntah bumi.
Describe the habit of penawar pahit.
Describe the habit of petani bumi.
Describe the habit of tongkat ali.
Describe the habit of tongkat baginda.
Describe the habit of payung ali.
Describe the habit of babi kurus.
Describe the habit of pasak bumi.
Describe the habit of tungke ali.
Describe the habit of markhamia.
Describe the habit of mgambo.
Describe the habit of Sydney peppermint.
Describe the habit of Himalayan poplar.
Describe the habit of bangikat poplar.
Describe the habit of peuplier de l'Himalaya.
Describe the habit of choupo do Himalaia.
Describe the habit of chopo de Himalaia.
Describe the habit of bagnu.
Describe the habit of banpipal.
Describe the habit of chalni.
Describe the habit of chalun.
Describe the habit of pahari pipal.
Describe the habit of safeda.
Describe the habit of East African camphor wood.
Describe the habit of parasol tree.
Describe the habit of setala.
Describe the habit of mutati.
Describe the habit of African nutmeg.
Describe the habit of boxboard.
Describe the habit of cardboard.
Describe the habit of false nutmeg.
Describe the habit of pycnanthus.
Describe the habit of akwa-mili.
Describe the habit of oje.
Describe the habit of lunaba.
Describe the habit of munaba.
Describe the habit of calabo.
Describe the habit of ilomba.
Describe the habit of akomu.
Describe the habit of cheloni.
Describe the habit of mukria sal.
Describe the habit of laukya.
Describe the habit of needlewood.
Describe the habit of schima.
Describe the habit of chilauni.
Describe the habit of kanak.
Describe the habit of makusal.
Describe the habit of madang gatal.
Describe the habit of puspa.
Describe the habit of seru.
Describe the habit of khai sou.
Describe the habit of Œmi.
Describe the habit of boun nak.
Describe the habit of gatal-gatal.
Describe the habit of kelinchi padi.
Describe the habit of medang gatal.
Describe the habit of samak.
Describe the habit of aule-chilaune.
Describe the habit of goe-chassi.
Describe the habit of sule-chilauni.
Describe the habit of bunnak.
Describe the habit of champa dong.
Describe the habit of thalo.
Describe the habit of mang tan.
Describe the habit of simartolu.
Describe the habit of v[oos]i thu[oos]c.
Describe the habit of darot.
Describe the habit of subagh.
Describe the habit of subaraya.
Describe the habit of hareri biiris.
Describe the habit of mbarao.
Describe the habit of Madagascar almond.
