Describe the life form of bai dao dou.
Describe the life form of dao dou.
Describe the life form of Madagaskarbohne.
Describe the life form of jackbohne.
Describe the life form of bhindee.
Describe the life form of bhindi.
Describe the life form of bindi.
Describe the life form of bumbo.
Describe the life form of bunga depros.
Describe the life form of calulu'.
Describe the life form of cantarella.
Describe the life form of chaucha turca.
Describe the life form of dâu bap.
Describe the life form of Eibisch.
Describe the life form of frutto d‚ibisco.
Describe the life form of gobbo.
Describe the life form of gombaut.
Describe the life form of gombo.
Describe the life form of Gombro.
Describe the life form of haluyoy.
Describe the life form of huang qiu kui.
Describe the life form of ibisco.
Describe the life form of kacang bendi.
Describe the life form of kacang lender.
Describe the life form of kembang dapros.
Describe the life form of ketmie comestible.
Describe the life form of kopi arab.
Describe the life form of krachiap man.
Describe the life form of krachiapkhieo.
Describe the life form of lady fingers.
Describe the life form of lady's finger.
Describe the life form of mesta.
Describe the life form of ocra.
Describe the life form of okay.
Describe the life form of oker.
Describe the life form of okra.
Describe the life form of okro.
Describe the life form of okura.
Describe the life form of quiabo.
Describe the life form of quimbambo.
Describe the life form of quimgombó.
Describe the life form of quingombo.
Describe the life form of ramturai.
Describe the life form of rosenapfel.
Describe the life form of saluyota bunga.
Describe the life form of sayur bendi.
Describe the life form of tori.
Describe the life form of tuah lek.
Describe the life form of vendakai.
Describe the life form of yong kok dau.
Describe the life form of neka (Simbo).
Describe the life form of bele (Fiji).
Describe the life form of pele (Tonga.
Describe the life form of Tuvalu).
Describe the life form of aibika.
Describe the life form of island cabbage.
Describe the life form of baera.
Describe the life form of bush spinach.
Describe the life form of peli.
Describe the life form of slippery cabbage (Solomon Is.).
Describe the life form of bush cabbage.
Describe the life form of slipery kabis.
Describe the life form of Acacia Coral.
Describe the life form of adenantero.
Describe the life form of Agati.
Describe the life form of Agati Petite Feuille.
Describe the life form of Arbreglise.
Describe the life form of Barbados coralwood.
Describe the life form of Barbados pride.
Describe the life form of bead tree.
Describe the life form of Bois Noir de Bourbon.
Describe the life form of Bois Noir la Graine.
Describe the life form of Bois Noir Rouge.
Describe the life form of Bois Noir.
Describe the life form of caralillo.
Describe the life form of caralín.
Describe the life form of carolina.
Describe the life form of chan‚trèi.
Describe the life form of circassian bean.
Describe the life form of circassian seed.
Describe the life form of Corail Vegetale.
Describe the life form of Coral Wood.
Describe the life form of coral.
Describe the life form of Coralitos.
Describe the life form of coralitos peonía.
Describe the life form of crab's eyes.
Describe the life form of Curly Bean.
Describe the life form of Deleite.
Describe the life form of Delicia.
Describe the life form of Dilmawi.
Describe the life form of église.
Describe the life form of Extranjera.
Describe the life form of flower-fence.
Describe the life form of Graine-r‚glisse.
Describe the life form of Graines Rouges.
Describe the life form of Jumbi Bead.
Describe the life form of L‚glise.
Describe the life form of jumbie bead.
Describe the life form of kitoke laut.
Describe the life form of Lagati.
Describe the life form of lam.
Describe the life form of legliz.
Describe the life form of Lera.
Describe the life form of lopa.
Describe the life form of ma clam ta cheng.
Describe the life form of ma clam ton.
Describe the life form of ma hok daeng.
Describe the life form of mai-chek.
Describe the life form of malatinglin.
Describe the life form of mangelim.
Describe the life form of olho de pavao.
Describe the life form of Paina.
Describe the life form of peacock flower-fence.
Describe the life form of peronía.
Describe the life form of peronías.
Describe the life form of Pitipitio.
Describe the life form of Pomea.
Describe the life form of Popoa.
Describe the life form of R‚glisse.
Describe the life form of raktakambal.
Describe the life form of Red Bead Tree.
Describe the life form of Red Sandalwood Tree.
Describe the life form of Red Sandalwood.
Describe the life form of reglisse.
Describe the life form of saga telik.
Describe the life form of saga tumpul.
Describe the life form of saga.
Describe the life form of sandal bead tree.
Describe the life form of segawe sabrang.
Describe the life form of suga.
Describe the life form of temo-carolina.
Describe the life form of tento carolina.
Describe the life form of Vaivai Ni Vavalagired.
Describe the life form of sandalwood tree.
Describe the life form of zumbic tree.
Describe the life form of candlenut.
Describe the life form of tuitui (Tonga).
Describe the life form of lama.
Describe the life form of Candle nut.
Describe the life form of wild leek.
Describe the life form of vine leek.
Describe the life form of Levant garlic.
Describe the life form of alho porro bravo.
Describe the life form of liiki.
Describe the life form of onion.
Describe the life form of potato onion.
Describe the life form of shallot.
Describe the life form of echalote.
Describe the life form of oignon.
Describe the life form of cebolla.
Describe the life form of basal.
Describe the life form of cebola.
Describe the life form of cipolla.
Describe the life form of Zwiebel.
Describe the life form of Küchenzwiebel.
Describe the life form of lök.
Describe the life form of rödlök.
Describe the life form of løg.
Describe the life form of rødløg.
Describe the life form of kepaløk.
Describe the life form of ruokasipuli.
Describe the life form of ui.
Describe the life form of ajuin.
Describe the life form of mózespecsenye.
Describe the life form of zsidószalonna.
Describe the life form of hagyma.
Describe the life form of vöröshagyma.
Describe the life form of zöldhagyma.
Describe the life form of újhagyma (green onion).
Describe the life form of cibule.
Describe the life form of ceba.
Describe the life form of cepo.
Describe the life form of sercajo.
Describe the life form of spritajo.
Describe the life form of uinnean.
Describe the life form of Bulbus Allii Cepae.
Describe the life form of uie.
Describe the life form of luk.
Describe the life form of cebula jadalna.
Describe the life form of sogan.
Describe the life form of pias.
Describe the life form of kremmídi.
Describe the life form of laukur.
Describe the life form of yang-ts'ung.
Describe the life form of chung.
Describe the life form of cong.
Describe the life form of ts'ung.
Describe the life form of chung tau.
Describe the life form of ts'ung tau.
Describe the life form of yang ts'ung.
Describe the life form of tamanegi.
Describe the life form of atasuki.
Describe the life form of wakegi.
Describe the life form of kalik.
Describe the life form of piaz.
Describe the life form of piyaz.
Describe the life form of varosa.
Describe the life form of key shinkurt.
Describe the life form of ponoru.
Describe the life form of pianj.
Describe the life form of kesunni.
Describe the life form of kyet-thun-ni.
Describe the life form of harili sibul.
Describe the life form of dungari.
Describe the life form of yarok.
Describe the life form of batzal.
Describe the life form of bawang merah.
Describe the life form of bawang daun.
Describe the life form of daun bawang (green leaf).
Describe the life form of nirulli.
Describe the life form of khtim slek.
Describe the life form of khtim kraham.
Describe the life form of phak bouo.
Describe the life form of bawang daun (green leaf).
Describe the life form of ulli.
Describe the life form of kanda.
Describe the life form of piaja.
Describe the life form of ayun.
Describe the life form of peyaz.
Describe the life form of ceapã.
Describe the life form of palandu.
Describe the life form of lunu.
Describe the life form of kitunguu.
Describe the life form of sibuyas.
Describe the life form of irulli.
Describe the life form of vengayam.
Describe the life form of ton hom.
Describe the life form of hua hom.
Describe the life form of hanh.
Describe the life form of lasóna.
Describe the life form of branching onion.
Describe the life form of Spanish onion.
Describe the life form of Japanese bunching onion.
Describe the life form of chibol.
Describe the life form of Spring onion.
Describe the life form of stone leek.
Describe the life form of Japanese leek.
Describe the life form of Welsh onion.
Describe the life form of ceboleta de Espanha.
Describe the life form of whitespot.
Describe the life form of giant arum.
Describe the life form of purple amaranth.
Describe the life form of amaranth.
Describe the life form of kata natay.
Describe the life form of chulai.
Describe the life form of elephant foot yam.
Describe the life form of elephant yam.
Describe the life form of yam.
Describe the life form of mamuang himmaphan.
Describe the life form of yaruang.
Describe the life form of mamuang letlor.
Describe the life form of cashew.
Describe the life form of cashew nut.
Describe the life form of acajou á pomme.
Describe the life form of noix d'acajou.
Describe the life form of marañon.
Describe the life form of casho.
Describe the life form of cashu.
Describe the life form of cajou.
Describe the life form of anacardier.
Describe the life form of caju.
Describe the life form of acajú.
Describe the life form of kasjoe.
Describe the life form of mereke.
Describe the life form of kaju.
Describe the life form of apu initia.
Describe the life form of kesiu.
Describe the life form of cashewnuss.
Describe the life form of cashewbaum.
Describe the life form of jambu mortyet.
Describe the life form of jambu mede.
Describe the life form of gajus.
Describe the life form of jambu monyet.
Describe the life form of kasoy.
Describe the life form of balubad.
Describe the life form of balogo.
Describe the life form of thiho thayet si.
Describe the life form of svaay chantii.
Describe the life form of dao lon hot.
Describe the life form of cay dieu.
Describe the life form of nut-cashew.
Describe the life form of pineapple.
Describe the life form of pina.
Describe the life form of po lo mah.
Describe the life form of ananas.
Describe the life form of abacaxi.
Describe the life form of vadra.
Describe the life form of vainaviu.
Describe the life form of andras.
Describe the life form of hukifa.
Describe the life form of fala'aiga.
Describe the life form of faina.
Describe the life form of ara painapa (Cooks).
Describe the life form of balawa.
Describe the life form of fala papalagi.
Describe the life form of painapolo (Tuvalu).
Describe the life form of sub-pah-rohd.
Describe the life form of soursop.
Describe the life form of corossol épineux.
Describe the life form of Stachelannone.
Describe the life form of zuurzak.
Describe the life form of guanabana.
Describe the life form of sirsak.
Describe the life form of nangka belanda.
Describe the life form of nangka seberang.
Describe the life form of durian belanda.
Describe the life form of durian benggala.
Describe the life form of durian makkah.
Describe the life form of saua sap.
Describe the life form of guayabano.
Describe the life form of atti.
Describe the life form of llabanos.
Describe the life form of tiep banla.
Describe the life form of tiep barang.
Describe the life form of khan thalot.
Describe the life form of khièp thét.
Describe the life form of thurian-thet.
Describe the life form of thurian-khaek.
Describe the life form of rian-nam.
Describe the life form of mang câù xiê.
Describe the life form of seremaia.
Describe the life form of sarifa.
Describe the life form of talapo fotofoto.
Describe the life form of sasalapa.
Describe the life form of 'apeli'initia.
Describe the life form of apeli'initia.
Describe the life form of sapsap.
Describe the life form of custard apple.
Describe the life form of bullock's heart.
Describe the life form of sugar apple.
Describe the life form of anona.
Describe the life form of anona colodado.
Describe the life form of anona rosada.
Describe the life form of corazon.
Describe the life form of coracao de boi.
Describe the life form of cahuex.
Describe the life form of pox.
Describe the life form of qualtzapotl.
Describe the life form of tzimuy.
Describe the life form of sugar apple.
Describe the life form of sweetsop.
Describe the life form of scaly custard apple.
Describe the life form of custard apple.
Describe the life form of zuckerapfel.
Describe the life form of stachelanone.
Describe the life form of cherimoya.
Describe the life form of attier.
Describe the life form of poreroe cannelle.
Describe the life form of pomme cannelle.
Describe the life form of anon.
Describe the life form of anon de azucar.
Describe the life form of anona de castilla.
Describe the life form of fruta do conde.
Describe the life form of scopappel.
Describe the life form of kaneelappel.
Describe the life form of fan-li-chi.
Describe the life form of sirkaja.
Describe the life form of sarikaja.
Describe the life form of atis.
Describe the life form of ata.
Describe the life form of luna.
Describe the life form of meba.
Describe the life form of sharifa.
Describe the life form of sarifa.
Describe the life form of sitaphal.
Describe the life form of sita pandu.
Describe the life form of nona sri kaya.
Describe the life form of bnah nona.
Describe the life form of seri kaya.
Describe the life form of tiep baay.
Describe the life form of tiep.
Describe the life form of mang cau ta.
Describe the life form of noinah.
Describe the life form of manonah.
Describe the life form of makkhiap.
Describe the life form of lanang.
Describe the life form of mak khbieb.
Describe the life form of na.
Describe the life form of mang caua ta.
Describe the life form of qu a na.
Describe the life form of wild celery.
Describe the life form of celery.
Describe the life form of celery seed.
Describe the life form of apio.
Describe the life form of celeri.
Describe the life form of Sellerie.
Describe the life form of selleri.
Describe the life form of karafs.
Describe the life form of selderij.
Describe the life form of sedano.
Describe the life form of aipo.
Describe the life form of syel'derey.
Describe the life form of serorii.
Describe the life form of ch'in.
Describe the life form of Apii folium.
Describe the life form of seldery.
Describe the life form of celery.
Describe the life form of hoop pine.
Describe the life form of colonial pine.
Describe the life form of Richmond river pine.
Describe the life form of alloa.
Describe the life form of ningwik.
Describe the life form of pien.
Describe the life form of betel nut palm.
Describe the life form of betel nut.
Describe the life form of arecanut.
Describe the life form of areca nut.
Describe the life form of areca palm.
Describe the life form of betel palm.
Describe the life form of Arekapalme.
Describe the life form of noix d`arec.
Describe the life form of Betelnusspalme.
Describe the life form of Iburu (Simbo).
Describe the life form of heta (Roviana).
Describe the life form of buai.
Describe the life form of kabibi.
Describe the life form of Arecae semen.
Describe the life form of Semen arecae.
Describe the life form of Nuces arecae.
Describe the life form of Ping lang.
Describe the life form of arequier.
Describe the life form of supari.
Describe the life form of pinang.
Describe the life form of gua.
Describe the life form of adike.
Describe the life form of kamuya.
Describe the life form of poka-vakka.
Describe the life form of kun.
Describe the life form of thamul.
Describe the life form of adikke.
Describe the life form of aakkamaram.
Describe the life form of kavungu.
Describe the life form of pophal.
Describe the life form of kamugu.
Describe the life form of pakku maram.
Describe the life form of vakka.
Describe the life form of jack fruit.
Describe the life form of jackfruit.
Describe the life form of jacquiet.
Describe the life form of nangka.
Describe the life form of nongko.
Describe the life form of kapiak.
Describe the life form of langka.
Describe the life form of peignai.
Describe the life form of khnadr.
Describe the life form of miiz.
Describe the life form of miiz hnang.
Describe the life form of khanun.
Describe the life form of makmi.
Describe the life form of banun.
Describe the life form of mít.
Describe the life form of Mfenesi.
Describe the life form of giant reed.
Describe the life form of gasau ni vavalagi.
Describe the life form of wild cane.
Describe the life form of asparagus.
Describe the life form of espárrago.
Describe the life form of aspargo.
Describe the life form of Spargel.
Describe the life form of oat.
Describe the life form of oats.
Describe the life form of hawer.
Describe the life form of hafer.
Describe the life form of avena.
Describe the life form of avoine.
Describe the life form of avoine farine.
Describe the life form of vanlig havre.
Describe the life form of havre.
Describe the life form of almindelig havre.
Describe the life form of peltokaura.
Describe the life form of kaura.
Describe the life form of akurhafrar.
Describe the life form of saat-hafer.
Describe the life form of blimbi.
Describe the life form of kamrakh.
Describe the life form of Bilimbi.
Describe the life form of Tree cucumber.
Describe the life form of five corner.
Describe the life form of carambola.
Describe the life form of carambole.
Describe the life form of wi ni jaina.
Describe the life form of wi ni idia.
Describe the life form of kamrakh.
Describe the life form of star fruit.
Describe the life form of Faiv kona.
Describe the life form of karmara.
Describe the life form of belimbing pessegi.
Describe the life form of belimbing saji.
Describe the life form of belimbing batu.
Describe the life form of belembing pessegi.
Describe the life form of belembing sayur.
Describe the life form of kambola.
Describe the life form of balimbin.
Describe the life form of galangan.
Describe the life form of garahan.
Describe the life form of sirinato.
Describe the life form of wou-lien.
Describe the life form of caykhe (Indochina).
Describe the life form of vinagrillo (Dominican Rep.).
Describe the life form of mamoncillo chino (Panama).
Describe the life form of ziblime (Haiti).
Describe the life form of carnico.
Describe the life form of Indian cucumber.
Describe the life form of turiguno.
Describe the life form of cayenne lime.
Describe the life form of Chinese tamarind.
Describe the life form of sweet tamarind.
Describe the life form of common bamboo.
Describe the life form of feathery bamboo.
Describe the life form of bambu' vulgar.
Describe the life form of Mambu.
Describe the life form of Murangi.
Describe the life form of golden bamboo.
Describe the life form of poeierkwasboom.
Describe the life form of kye-bin.
Describe the life form of kyi.
Describe the life form of brack-water mangrove.
Describe the life form of common putat.
Describe the life form of freshwater mangrove.
Describe the life form of hippo apple.
Describe the life form of powder-puff tree.
Describe the life form of wild guava.
Describe the life form of apalang.
Describe the life form of butan darat.
Describe the life form of penggung.
Describe the life form of putat sungai.
Describe the life form of som pawng.
Describe the life form of putat ayam.
Describe the life form of putat ayer.
Describe the life form of putat aying.
Describe the life form of putat kampong.
Describe the life form of chik ban.
Describe the life form of chik suan.
Describe the life form of mangrove.
Describe the life form of Malabar spinach.
Describe the life form of white stem Malabar spinach.
Describe the life form of Ceylon spinach.
Describe the life form of Indian spinach.
Describe the life form of white vine spinach.
Describe the life form of vine spinach.
Describe the life form of Malabar nightshade.
Describe the life form of country spinach.
Describe the life form of bertalha vermelha.
Describe the life form of Malabarspinat.
Describe the life form of basela branca.
Describe the life form of bertalha branca.
Describe the life form of basela vermelha.
Describe the life form of melao de soldado.
Describe the life form of sabao de soldado.
Describe the life form of Malabar spinach.
Describe the life form of red stem Malabar spinach.
Describe the life form of Ceylon spinach.
Describe the life form of Indian spinach.
Describe the life form of red vine spinach.
Describe the life form of vine spinach.
Describe the life form of Malabar nightshade.
Describe the life form of Malabarspinat.
Describe the life form of orchid tree.
Describe the life form of bauhinia.
Describe the life form of camels foot.
Describe the life form of mountain-ebony.
Describe the life form of poor man's orchid.
Describe the life form of rakta-kanchan.
Describe the life form of kachnar.
Describe the life form of kotidaram.
Describe the life form of flamboyán orquídea.
Describe the life form of palo de orquídeas.
Describe the life form of segapumanchorii.
Describe the life form of wax gourd.
Describe the life form of winter gourd.
Describe the life form of fuzzy melon.
Describe the life form of hairy melon.
Describe the life form of Chinese squash.
Describe the life form of Chinese moqua.
Describe the life form of Chinese preserving melon.
Describe the life form of Chinese vegetable marrow.
Describe the life form of Chinese winter melon.
Describe the life form of moqua.
Describe the life form of zit-kwa.
Describe the life form of Silver beet.
Describe the life form of Beetroot.
Describe the life form of Sugarbeet.
Describe the life form of Zuckerrübe.
Describe the life form of beggar's tick.
Describe the life form of cobbler's pegs.
Describe the life form of common blackjack.
Describe the life form of black jack.
Describe the life form of Spanish needle.
Describe the life form of farmer's friend.
Describe the life form of pitchforks.
Describe the life form of shepherd's needles.
Describe the life form of butterfly needles.
Describe the life form of needleandthread.
Describe the life form of piquants noirs.
Describe the life form of amor seco.
Describe the life form of picao preto.
Describe the life form of cuamba.
Describe the life form of xian feng cao.
Describe the life form of chegogit.
Describe the life form of fisi'uli.
Describe the life form of kofe tonga.
Describe the life form of kofetoga.
Describe the life form of batimadramadra.
Describe the life form of mbatimandramandra.
Describe the life form of mbatikalawau.
Describe the life form of matakaro.
Describe the life form of matua kamate.
Describe the life form of ki.
Describe the life form of ki nehe.
Describe the life form of ki pipili.
Describe the life form of ko'oko'olau.
Describe the life form of ki nahelehele.
Describe the life form of nehe.
Describe the life form of gewone knap-se-kêrel.
Describe the life form of knapsakkerwel.
Describe the life form of umhlabangubo.
Describe the life form of amalenjane.
Describe the life form of isikhathula.
Describe the life form of ugamfe.
Describe the life form of ucucuza.
Describe the life form of umesisi.
Describe the life form of uqadolo.
Describe the life form of piripiri (Cook Islands).
Describe the life form of tae puaka (Futuna).
Describe the life form of kurrajong.
Describe the life form of Chinese cabbage.
Describe the life form of pak choi.
Describe the life form of pakchoi.
Describe the life form of Pe-tsai.
Describe the life form of petsai.
Describe the life form of wong bok.
Describe the life form of wongbok.
Describe the life form of Chinese salad.
Describe the life form of Chou chinois (Fr).
Describe the life form of kapisi.
Describe the life form of kapeti ni jaina (Fiji).
Describe the life form of kapisi siaina (Tonga.
Describe the life form of Tuvalu).
Describe the life form of Indian mustard.
Describe the life form of mustard greens.
Describe the life form of brown mustard.
Describe the life form of Chinese mustard.
Describe the life form of rape.
Describe the life form of olraps.
Describe the life form of colza.
Describe the life form of raapzaad.
Describe the life form of rypsi.
Describe the life form of raps.
Describe the life form of rapsi.
Describe the life form of oil-seed rape.
Describe the life form of canola.
Describe the life form of rutabaga.
Describe the life form of fodder rape.
Describe the life form of hungry gap kale.
Describe the life form of winter oil seed rape.
Describe the life form of swede rape.
Describe the life form of Siberian kale.
Describe the life form of rape seed.
Describe the life form of swede.
Describe the life form of Onions (bulb).
Describe the life form of cauliflower.
Describe the life form of chou fleur (French).
Describe the life form of coliflor (Spanish).
Describe the life form of cavolfiore (Italian).
Describe the life form of broccoli.
Describe the life form of heading broccoli.
Describe the life form of brocoli (French).
Describe the life form of broccoli (Italian).
Describe the life form of brocoli (Spanish).
Describe the life form of cabbage.
Describe the life form of Shetland cabbage.
Describe the life form of Savoy cabbage.
Describe the life form of white cabbage.
Describe the life form of red cabbage.
Describe the life form of chou (Fr).
Describe the life form of repollo (Spanish).
Describe the life form of cavolo (Italian).
Describe the life form of kraut (German).
Describe the life form of kapeti kovu (Fiji).
Describe the life form of kapisi palangi (Tuvalu).
Describe the life form of kapisi.
Describe the life form of kebis.
Describe the life form of Brussels sprouts.
Describe the life form of chou de Bruxelles (French).
Describe the life form of col de bruselas (Spanish).
Describe the life form of cavolini di Bruxelles (Italian).
Describe the life form of broccoli.
Describe the life form of sprouting broccoli.
Describe the life form of spear cauliflower.
Describe the life form of calabrese.
Describe the life form of cape broccoli.
Describe the life form of winter.
Describe the life form of purple cauliflower.
Describe the life form of nine-star perennial broccoli.
Describe the life form of paper mulberry.
Describe the life form of tapa.
Describe the life form of masi.
Describe the life form of ai masi.
Describe the life form of malo.
Describe the life form of u'a.
Describe the life form of hiapo.
Describe the life form of Polynesian mulberry.
Describe the life form of Tapa plant.
Describe the life form of congo pea.
Describe the life form of pigeon pea.
Describe the life form of frijol de arbol.
Describe the life form of gandul.
Describe the life form of gandures.
Describe the life form of guandul.
Describe the life form of guand.
Describe the life form of guandú.
Describe the life form of kumanda yvyra'í (Paraguay).
Describe the life form of gungo pea.
Describe the life form of lenteja.
Describe the life form of pigeon pea bush.
Describe the life form of pois cajan.
Describe the life form of pois congo.
Describe the life form of pois d'angole.
Describe the life form of pois d'angolie.
Describe the life form of Pigeonerbse.
Describe the life form of pwa angole.
Describe the life form of arhar.
Describe the life form of quinchonchillo.
Describe the life form of quinchoncho.
Describe the life form of thuvarai.
Describe the life form of duiweboon.
Describe the life form of Alexandria laurel.
Describe the life form of Indian laurel.
Describe the life form of nabangura.
Describe the life form of tamanu.
Describe the life form of dilo.
Describe the life form of te itai.
Describe the life form of fetau.
Describe the life form of Kamani.
Describe the life form of Beauty leaf.
Describe the life form of Chinese chives.
Describe the life form of Oriental garlic.
Describe the life form of nira.
Describe the life form of cuchay.
Describe the life form of ku ts'ai.
Describe the life form of cebolinho da China.
Describe the life form of tea.
Describe the life form of ti.
Describe the life form of chah.
Describe the life form of cha.
Describe the life form of tee.
Describe the life form of ngali nut.
Describe the life form of canarium almond.
Describe the life form of canarium nut.
Describe the life form of nut - ngali.
Describe the life form of kenari ambon.
Describe the life form of jal.
Describe the life form of kanari bagéa.
Describe the life form of galip.
Describe the life form of lawela.
Describe the life form of hinuei.
Describe the life form of kenari.
Describe the life form of nangai.
Describe the life form of jack bean.
Describe the life form of sword bean.
Describe the life form of horse gram.
Describe the life form of Brazilian broad bean.
Describe the life form of coffee bean.
Describe the life form of ensiform bean.
Describe the life form of horse bean.
Describe the life form of mole bean.
Describe the life form of bean-jack.
Describe the life form of Patagonian bean.
Describe the life form of haricot sabre.
Describe the life form of pois sabre.
Describe the life form of haricot sabre à grain blanc.
Describe the life form of fève jacques.
Describe the life form of haricot de Madagascar.
Describe the life form of frijol papa.
Describe the life form of papa.
Describe the life form of feijao de porco.
Describe the life form of feijão espada.
Describe the life form of yang dao dou.
Describe the life form of da dao dou.
Describe the life form of abelmoskus.
Describe the life form of america-neri.
Describe the life form of bakhua mun.
Describe the life form of bamia.
Describe the life form of bamija.
Describe the life form of bamya.
Describe the life form of bandakai.
Describe the life form of bende'.
Describe the life form of suha.
Describe the life form of shouk-ton-oh.
Describe the life form of som-o.
Describe the life form of lemon.
Describe the life form of standard lemon.
Describe the life form of acid lemon.
Describe the life form of Meyer lemon.
Describe the life form of bush lemon.
Describe the life form of Persian apple.
Describe the life form of citron.
Describe the life form of citronnier.
Describe the life form of schwertbohne.
Describe the life form of tachinata mame.
Describe the life form of shiro nata mame.
Describe the life form of tsurunachinata mame.
Describe the life form of jackbønne.
Describe the life form of kara bendo.
Describe the life form of zwaardboon.
Describe the life form of kumanda guazú.
Describe the life form of canna lily.
Describe the life form of fagamanu.
Describe the life form of gasau ni ga.
Describe the life form of sweet pepper.
Describe the life form of chili pepper.
Describe the life form of green pepper.
Describe the life form of lajiao.
Describe the life form of pimenton.
Describe the life form of poivre de Guinee.
Describe the life form of paprika.
Describe the life form of spansk peppar.
Describe the life form of spaanse peper.
Describe the life form of peperone.
Describe the life form of pimentao.
Describe the life form of struchkovy pyerets.
Describe the life form of togarashi.
Describe the life form of hsiung-ya-li-chiao.
Describe the life form of filfil ahmar.
Describe the life form of polo papalagi.
Describe the life form of polo ula.
Describe the life form of cayenne pepper.
Describe the life form of perennial pepper.
Describe the life form of pimenton.
Describe the life form of poivre rouge.
Describe the life form of cayennepfeffer.
Describe the life form of kajennepeppar.
Describe the life form of cayennepepper.
Describe the life form of pepe di caienna.
Describe the life form of kayenski pyerets.
Describe the life form of la-chiao.
Describe the life form of filfil ahmar.
Describe the life form of chilli.
Describe the life form of hot pepper.
Describe the life form of tabasco pepper.
Describe the life form of polo.
Describe the life form of boro ni vavalagi.
Describe the life form of rokete.
Describe the life form of brandrissie.
Describe the life form of mircha.
Describe the life form of te beneka.
Describe the life form of polo fifisi.
Describe the life form of Sili.
Describe the life form of papaya.
Describe the life form of pawpaw.
Describe the life form of melon tree.
Describe the life form of papayier.
Describe the life form of arbre de melon.
Describe the life form of gedang.
Describe the life form of kates.
Describe the life form of betek.
Describe the life form of ketalah.
Describe the life form of kapaya.
Describe the life form of lapaya.
Describe the life form of thimbaw.
Describe the life form of lhong.
Describe the life form of doeum lahong.
Describe the life form of houng.
Describe the life form of malakor.
Describe the life form of loko.
Describe the life form of ma kuai thet.
Describe the life form of du du.
Describe the life form of esi.
Describe the life form of weleti.
Describe the life form of lesi.
Describe the life form of te papaya (Kiribati).
Describe the life form of loku(Niue).
Describe the life form of minita (Cook I).
Describe the life form of maniako (Simbo).
Describe the life form of Olesi (Tuvalu).
Describe the life form of takafo.
Describe the life form of papita.
Describe the life form of lechosa (Ven.).
Describe the life form of casimiroa.
Describe the life form of Mexican apple.
Describe the life form of white sapote.
Describe the life form of sapote blanc.
Describe the life form of zapote blanco.
Describe the life form of chapote.
Describe the life form of matasano.
Describe the life form of cacchique.
Describe the life form of ceaxmisttea.
Describe the life form of cochitzapoti.
Describe the life form of coffee senna.
Describe the life form of kapok.
Describe the life form of kapok tree.
Describe the life form of silk-cotton tree.
Describe the life form of Java cotton.
Describe the life form of god tree.
Describe the life form of ceiba.
Describe the life form of vavau ni lokoloko.
Describe the life form of vavae.
Describe the life form of white silk-cottontree.
Describe the life form of capoc.
Describe the life form of fromager.
Describe the life form of kapokier.
Describe the life form of Kapokbaum.
Describe the life form of sumauma.
Describe the life form of sumauma da varzea.
Describe the life form of poilao da sumauma.
Describe the life form of poilao forro.
Describe the life form of mafuma.
Describe the life form of mafumeira.
Describe the life form of paina lisa.
Describe the life form of ceba.
Describe the life form of oca'.
Describe the life form of arbol capoc.
Describe the life form of Celosia.
Describe the life form of Asiatic pennywort.
Describe the life form of Indian pennywort.
Describe the life form of marsh pennywort.
Describe the life form of tiger herbal.
Describe the life form of waternavel.
Describe the life form of gotu cola.
Describe the life form of water pennywort.
Describe the life form of hydrocotyle asiatique.
Describe the life form of centela.
Describe the life form of pegaga.
Describe the life form of trachiek kranh.
Describe the life form of duan Kaki Kuda.
Describe the life form of pegagan.
Describe the life form of antanan Gede.
Describe the life form of phak Nok.
Describe the life form of brahma-manduki.
Describe the life form of brahmi.
Describe the life form of min-kuabin.
Describe the life form of ghod Tapre.
Describe the life form of takip-kohol.
Describe the life form of tapingan-daga.
Describe the life form of hang-halo.
Describe the life form of icukudwane.
Describe the life form of totodro.
Describe the life form of tono.
Describe the life form of lapukapu.
Describe the life form of to'etupou.
Describe the life form of tona.
Describe the life form of tohetupou.
Describe the life form of bua bok.
Describe the life form of pa-na-e khaa-doh.
Describe the life form of phak wan.
Describe the life form of rau ma.
Describe the life form of lien tien thao.
Describe the life form of phae chen.
Describe the life form of tish tuyest tharo.
Describe the life form of caimito.
Describe the life form of starapple.
Describe the life form of caimite.
Describe the life form of pomme surette.
Describe the life form of sawo ijo.
Describe the life form of sawo hejo.
Describe the life form of sawo kadu.
Describe the life form of sawu duren.
Describe the life form of pepulut.
Describe the life form of sataa appoen.
Describe the life form of endive.
Describe the life form of chicory.
Describe the life form of common chicory.
Describe the life form of wild succory.
Describe the life form of Belgian endive.
Describe the life form of blue-sailor's succory.
Describe the life form of chickory.
Describe the life form of achicoria.
Describe the life form of chicorée.
Describe the life form of chicoria.
Describe the life form of sigorei.
Describe the life form of cikoria.
Describe the life form of vägvårda.
Describe the life form of sikori.
Describe the life form of cikorie.
Describe the life form of sikuri.
Describe the life form of Wegwarte.
Describe the life form of Glyceria Wegwarte.
Describe the life form of Cichorii herba.
Describe the life form of Cichorii radix.
Describe the life form of watermelon.
Describe the life form of pastèque.
Describe the life form of stolovyj arbuz.
Describe the life form of melani.
Describe the life form of sandia.
Describe the life form of melancia.
Describe the life form of hsi kwa.
Describe the life form of xigua.
Describe the life form of tarbuz.
Describe the life form of wassermelone.
Describe the life form of legapu.
Describe the life form of vandmelon.
Describe the life form of anguria.
Describe the life form of cocomero.
Describe the life form of tsamma.
Describe the life form of karkoer.
Describe the life form of tsamma melon.
Describe the life form of wild watermelon.
Describe the life form of bitterwaatlemoen.
Describe the life form of bitterboela.
Describe the life form of N!Ham.
Describe the life form of sour orange.
Describe the life form of bitter orange.
Describe the life form of pomelo.
Describe the life form of pummelo.
Describe the life form of shaddock.
Describe the life form of pamplemoussier.
Describe the life form of moli tonga.
Describe the life form of molikana.
Describe the life form of jeruk besar.
Describe the life form of jambua.
Describe the life form of lukban.
Describe the life form of mufungufungu.
Describe the life form of jilahi.
Describe the life form of Leberwurstbaum.
Describe the life form of rawuya.
Describe the life form of uturubein.
Describe the life form of mPolata.
Describe the life form of muzungula.
Describe the life form of limonier.
Describe the life form of limao.
Describe the life form of limoeiro.
Describe the life form of limón.
Describe the life form of limón agria.
Describe the life form of limonero.
Describe the life form of limón real.
Describe the life form of limón francés.
Describe the life form of limon amarillo.
Describe the life form of limone.
Describe the life form of citroen.
Describe the life form of Zitrone.
Describe the life form of jeruk limun.
Describe the life form of limau nipis.
Describe the life form of limau mata.
Describe the life form of krooch chhmaa veeng.
Describe the life form of naaw th'eed.
Describe the life form of naaw falang.
Describe the life form of manao-thet.
Describe the life form of manao-farang.
Describe the life form of manao-mairuho.
Describe the life form of chanh tay.
Describe the life form of moli karokaro.
Describe the life form of molisoraiara.
Describe the life form of molinivmalagi.
Describe the life form of khatta nabbu.
Describe the life form of khatto nabbu.
Describe the life form of tipolo.
Describe the life form of lemani.
Describe the life form of moli'ovi'ovia.
Describe the life form of moli patupatu.
Describe the life form of lain.
Describe the life form of muli.
Describe the life form of citron.
Describe the life form of citron tree.
Describe the life form of true citron.
Describe the life form of etrog.
Describe the life form of cedrat.
Describe the life form of cédratier.
Describe the life form of shamom (Oman).
Describe the life form of medischer apfel.
Describe the life form of cidrao.
Describe the life form of cidreira.
Describe the life form of limao rugoso.
Describe the life form of limao galego.
Describe the life form of cidro.
Describe the life form of jeruk sukade.
Describe the life form of sitrun.
Describe the life form of limau susu.
Describe the life form of muli.
Describe the life form of bulid.
Describe the life form of sidris.
Describe the life form of sidras.
Describe the life form of shouk-ta-kwah.
Describe the life form of vëëx.
Describe the life form of manao-khwai.
Describe the life form of somma-ngua.
Describe the life form of mawo-yao.
Describe the life form of thanh yên.
Describe the life form of grapefruit.
Describe the life form of pomelo.
Describe the life form of pamplemousse.
Describe the life form of limau gedang.
Describe the life form of moli sisuka.
Describe the life form of moli peli.
Describe the life form of muli.
Describe the life form of krooch thlong.
Describe the life form of kiengz s'aangz.
Describe the life form of cam.
Describe the life form of bu'o'i.
Describe the life form of pompelmo.
Describe the life form of Paradisapfel.
Describe the life form of toranja.
Describe the life form of jamboa.
Describe the life form of turingia.
Describe the life form of toronja.
Describe the life form of grapefrugt.
Describe the life form of mandarin.
Describe the life form of tangerine.
Describe the life form of Cleopatra mandarin.
Describe the life form of clementine.
Describe the life form of Satsuma orange.
Describe the life form of kid-glove orange.
Describe the life form of mandarinier.
Describe the life form of moli madarini.
Describe the life form of madarini.
Describe the life form of Mandarinenbaum.
Describe the life form of jeruk keprok.
Describe the life form of jeruk jepun.
Describe the life form of jeruk maseh.
Describe the life form of limau lang-kat.
Describe the life form of limau kupas.
Describe the life form of limau wangkang.
Describe the life form of sintones.
Describe the life form of krauch kvich.
Describe the life form of som hot.
Describe the life form of som lot.
Describe the life form of liou.
Describe the life form of tangerina.
Describe the life form of tangerineira.
Describe the life form of som khieo waan.
Describe the life form of som saengthong.
Describe the life form of ma baang.
Describe the life form of cam sanh.
Describe the life form of cay quit.
Describe the life form of narangi.
Describe the life form of nartjie.
Describe the life form of naartjie.
Describe the life form of moli saina.
Describe the life form of moli peli.
Describe the life form of orange.
Describe the life form of sweet orange.
Describe the life form of Valencia orange.
Describe the life form of oranger.
Describe the life form of oranger doux.
Describe the life form of birtukan.
Describe the life form of Apfelsine.
Describe the life form of jeruk manis.
Describe the life form of arancio.
Describe the life form of laranja doce.
Describe the life form of laranja vulgar.
Describe the life form of laranja-pera.
Describe the life form of naranja.
Describe the life form of limau manis.
Describe the life form of chula.
Describe the life form of choreng.
Describe the life form of sava orens.
Describe the life form of kahel.
Describe the life form of tung-chin-thi.
Describe the life form of krooch poosat.
Describe the life form of kiengz.
Describe the life form of somkliang.
Describe the life form of somtra.
Describe the life form of makhun.
Describe the life form of cam.
Describe the life form of mitha nimbu.
Describe the life form of moli 'aina.
Describe the life form of moli kai.
Describe the life form of Molilecau.
Describe the life form of Moliunumi.
Describe the life form of Molinitaiti.
Describe the life form of Molitaiti.
Describe the life form of Mol.
Describe the life form of Arani (Cook I).
Describe the life form of Olenisi (Tuvalu).
Describe the life form of Swit muli.
Describe the life form of citrus.
Describe the life form of agrumes.
Describe the life form of jeruk.
Describe the life form of limau.
Describe the life form of mull.
Describe the life form of shouk.
Describe the life form of krauch.
Describe the life form of mak.
Describe the life form of cam.
Describe the life form of Zitrone.
Describe the life form of blue clitoria.
Describe the life form of butterfly-pea.
Describe the life form of cordofan-pea.
Describe the life form of bejuco de conchitas.
Describe the life form of campanilla.
Describe the life form of chorreque azul.
Describe the life form of conchita de mar.
Describe the life form of papito.
Describe the life form of zapatillo de la reina.
Describe the life form of clitore de ternate.
Describe the life form of Blaue Schmetterlingswicke.
Describe the life form of fagiolo indiano.
Describe the life form of Sea grape.
Describe the life form of coconut.
Describe the life form of cocotier.
Describe the life form of palma de coco.
Describe the life form of cocotero.
Describe the life form of côco.
Describe the life form of narial.
Describe the life form of thengai.
Describe the life form of kokospalme.
Describe the life form of ye.
Describe the life form of tree of life.
Describe the life form of tree of heaven.
Describe the life form of kalpaviriksha.
Describe the life form of tree of abundance.
Describe the life form of natures supermarket.
Describe the life form of kulau.
Describe the life form of coir fibre.
Describe the life form of (See "Notes" for hybrid names).
Describe the life form of coffee arabica.
Describe the life form of arabian coffee.
Describe the life form of arabica coffee.
Describe the life form of kafei.
Describe the life form of kofe.
Describe the life form of cafe.
Describe the life form of Kaffee.
Describe the life form of yebuna fire.
Describe the life form of buna.
Describe the life form of coffee.
Describe the life form of robusta coffee.
Describe the life form of kafei.
Describe the life form of cafe.
Describe the life form of Kaffee.
Describe the life form of Liberian coffee.
Describe the life form of kofe.
Describe the life form of coffee.
Describe the life form of taro.
Describe the life form of eddo.
Describe the life form of kalo.
Describe the life form of dasheen.
Describe the life form of cocoyam.
Describe the life form of elephant ears.
Describe the life form of potato of the tropics.
Describe the life form of ciamo.
Describe the life form of inhame.
Describe the life form of malanga.
Describe the life form of tayoba.
Describe the life form of alcocaz.
Describe the life form of elefantenohr.
Describe the life form of arum.
Describe the life form of daun keladi.
Describe the life form of madumbe.
Describe the life form of khoai mon.
Describe the life form of mangasiva sasili.
Describe the life form of sika.
Describe the life form of ba.
Describe the life form of boka.
Describe the life form of botika.
Describe the life form of dalo.
Describe the life form of gaui.
Describe the life form of sali.
Describe the life form of votuki.
Describe the life form of te taororo.
Describe the life form of matiotio.
Describe the life form of tara.
Describe the life form of talo.
Describe the life form of maroepa.
Describe the life form of Ecuador laurel.
Describe the life form of garlic tree.
Describe the life form of cyp.
Describe the life form of cypre.
Describe the life form of salmwood.
Describe the life form of freijó louro.
Describe the life form of urua.
Describe the life form of louro amarelo.
Describe the life form of coriander.
Describe the life form of collender.
Describe the life form of Chinese parsley.
Describe the life form of coriandro.
Describe the life form of cilantro.
Describe the life form of cilandrio.
Describe the life form of culantro.
Describe the life form of curatù.
Describe the life form of coriandre.
Describe the life form of dhania.
Describe the life form of koriander.
Describe the life form of cigánypetrezselyem.
Describe the life form of beléndfû.
Describe the life form of zergefû.
Describe the life form of kusthumbari.
Describe the life form of dhanayaka.
Describe the life form of dembilal.
Describe the life form of koriandr.
Describe the life form of kinza.
Describe the life form of geshnes.
Describe the life form of ngo.
Describe the life form of coriandolo.
Describe the life form of kuzbara.
Describe the life form of chamem.
Describe the life form of yan sui.
Describe the life form of xiang cai.
Describe the life form of hu sui.
Describe the life form of kindza.
Describe the life form of kindz.
Describe the life form of koriannon.
Describe the life form of korion.
Describe the life form of dhanya.
Describe the life form of koendoro.
Describe the life form of ketumbar.
Describe the life form of kolendra.
Describe the life form of coentro.
Describe the life form of coriandru.
Describe the life form of koljandra.
Describe the life form of kisnec.
Describe the life form of vonjucee zel'e.
Describe the life form of klopovnik.
Describe the life form of Wanzendill.
Describe the life form of Schwindelkorn.
Describe the life form of korijander.
Describe the life form of persil arabe.
Describe the life form of kisnis.
Describe the life form of dhane.
Describe the life form of kothmiri.
Describe the life form of konphir.
Describe the life form of libdhane.
Describe the life form of kothambri.
Describe the life form of kothmiri bija.
Describe the life form of daaniwal.
Describe the life form of kothambalari.
Describe the life form of kothumpkalari bija.
Describe the life form of kothumpalari.
Describe the life form of dhana.
Describe the life form of kothimber.
Describe the life form of kothamali.
Describe the life form of dhaniyalu.
Describe the life form of debo.
Describe the life form of shucar.
Describe the life form of tsagha.
Describe the life form of zagda.
Describe the life form of tibichota.
Describe the life form of kazbarah.
Describe the life form of dhoney.
Describe the life form of nan nan zee.
Describe the life form of nan nan bin.
Describe the life form of naunau.
Describe the life form of fan yan sui.
Describe the life form of ketoembar.
Describe the life form of Indian parsley.
Describe the life form of koriandro.
Describe the life form of aedkoriander.
Describe the life form of korianteri.
Describe the life form of punaise mâle.
Describe the life form of coireiman.
Describe the life form of lus a choire.
Describe the life form of Wanzenkümmel.
Describe the life form of Chinesische Petersilie.
Describe the life form of Indische Petersilie.
Describe the life form of hara dhania.
Describe the life form of daun ketumbar.
Describe the life form of koyendoro.
Describe the life form of havija.
Describe the life form of kambari.
Describe the life form of phak hom pom.
Describe the life form of kottamalli.
Describe the life form of gishniiz.
Describe the life form of gashneez.
Describe the life form of kolendra.
Describe the life form of rattlepod.
Describe the life form of chives.
Describe the life form of chive garlic.
Describe the life form of ezo-negi.
Describe the life form of cebolleta.
Describe the life form of ciboulette.
Describe the life form of schnittlauch.
Describe the life form of gräslök.
Describe the life form of purløg.
Describe the life form of basal.
Describe the life form of bieslook.
Describe the life form of cipollina.
Describe the life form of cebolinha.
Describe the life form of cebolinho.
Describe the life form of alho de Espanha.
Describe the life form of ceboleta de Franca.
Describe the life form of luk-rezanyets.
Describe the life form of hsia-ye-ts'ung.
Describe the life form of rock melon.
Describe the life form of sweet melon.
Describe the life form of cantaloupe melon.
Describe the life form of atiu.
Describe the life form of Melon.
Describe the life form of cantaloupe.
Describe the life form of tarra.
Describe the life form of cucumber.
Describe the life form of gherkin.
Describe the life form of concombre.
Describe the life form of huanggua.
Describe the life form of kiukaba.
Describe the life form of kukama (Tuvalu).
Describe the life form of khira.
Describe the life form of kiukamupa.
Describe the life form of Kukamba.
Describe the life form of cetriolo.
Describe the life form of pumpkin.
Describe the life form of squash.
Describe the life form of giant squash.
Describe the life form of citrouille.
Describe the life form of hina.
Describe the life form of wavukani.
Describe the life form of te baukin.
Describe the life form of panikeni.
Describe the life form of poosani.
Describe the life form of hubbard squash.
Describe the life form of Kürbis.
Describe the life form of pumpkin.
Describe the life form of squash.
Describe the life form of small horned melon.
Describe the life form of nangua.
Describe the life form of gramma.
Describe the life form of hina.
Describe the life form of pamkin.
Describe the life form of zucca.
Describe the life form of kuerbis.
Describe the life form of marrow.
Describe the life form of pumpkin.
Describe the life form of squash.
Describe the life form of bitter nut squash.
Describe the life form of vegetable marrow.
Describe the life form of summer pumpkin.
Describe the life form of autumn pumpkin.
Describe the life form of zucca.
Describe the life form of Kürbis.
Describe the life form of Cucurbitae semen.
Describe the life form of Oleum cucurbitae.
Describe the life form of guar bean.
Describe the life form of cluster bean.
Describe the life form of cyamopse a quatre ailes.
Describe the life form of guar.
Describe the life form of guaerdou.
Describe the life form of cottaveraykai.
Describe the life form of kothaverai.
Describe the life form of babachi.
Describe the life form of bavachi.
Describe the life form of capparadavari.
Describe the life form of gawarkai.
Describe the life form of goreekaye.
Describe the life form of guvarphalli.
Describe the life form of goor-chikurkai.
Describe the life form of gorechikudi.
Describe the life form of guanra chhuim.
Describe the life form of jhar sim.
Describe the life form of kotha-marakka.
Describe the life form of kothavara.
Describe the life form of kotaranga.
Describe the life form of walee-pe.
Describe the life form of kottavarai.
Describe the life form of mgwaru.
Describe the life form of gavar.
Describe the life form of gawar.
Describe the life form of goor.
Describe the life form of gowaree.
Describe the life form of gouree.
Describe the life form of govar.
Describe the life form of guara.
Describe the life form of gunwar.
Describe the life form of globe artichoke.
Describe the life form of artichoke.
Describe the life form of carciofo.
Describe the life form of alcachofa.
Describe the life form of Artischocke.
Describe the life form of artichaut.
Describe the life form of kenchofe (Galinya).
Describe the life form of purple nut grass.
Describe the life form of round cyperus.
Describe the life form of sweet cyperus.
Describe the life form of nutsedge.
Describe the life form of purple nutsedge.
Describe the life form of souchet rond.
Describe the life form of teki.
Describe the life form of mota.
Describe the life form of karelawai.
Describe the life form of kyang-boo-ja.
Describe the life form of rumput.
Describe the life form of haliya hitan.
Describe the life form of mothe.
Describe the life form of s'ad.
Describe the life form of s'ad kufi.
Describe the life form of nagar-motha.
Describe the life form of dela ghea.
Describe the life form of deela.
Describe the life form of mutha.
Describe the life form of balangot.
Describe the life form of baga-as.
Describe the life form of tikog.
Describe the life form of ya sam liam.
Describe the life form of haeo mu.
Describe the life form of ya haeo mu.
Describe the life form of co gau.
Describe the life form of cu gau.
Describe the life form of co cu.
Describe the life form of huong phu.
Describe the life form of sa thao.
Describe the life form of nha khuon mu.
Describe the life form of tung ghay.
Describe the life form of tree tomato.
Describe the life form of tamarillo.
Describe the life form of yellow tree tomato.
Describe the life form of tomate d'arbre.
Describe the life form of tamarille.
Describe the life form of tomate de palo.
Describe the life form of tomate de árbol.
Describe the life form of palo de tomate.
Describe the life form of tomate granadillo.
Describe the life form of pix.
Describe the life form of caxlan pix.
Describe the life form of tomate dulce.
Describe the life form of tomate francés.
Describe the life form of sachatomate.
Describe the life form of yuncatomate.
Describe the life form of limatomate.
Describe the life form of tomate de monte.
Describe the life form of tomate de La Paz.
Describe the life form of crowfoot grass.
Describe the life form of Egyptian grass.
Describe the life form of button grass.
Describe the life form of calandrini.
Describe the life form of wild carrot.
Describe the life form of devil's plague.
Describe the life form of Queen Anne's-lace.
Describe the life form of cenoura brava.
Describe the life form of karotte.
Describe the life form of mohrruebe.
Describe the life form of gelbe ruebe.
Describe the life form of morot.
Describe the life form of gulrot.
Describe the life form of gulerod.
Describe the life form of porkkana.
Describe the life form of Chinese gooseberry.
Describe the life form of Kiwifruit.
Describe the life form of cultivated yam.
Describe the life form of greater yam.
Describe the life form of white yam.
Describe the life form of water yam.
Describe the life form of winged yam.
Describe the life form of ten-months yam.
Describe the life form of Malacca yam.
Describe the life form of Guyana arrowroot.
Describe the life form of igname.
Describe the life form of inhame da India.
Describe the life form of inhame de Coriola'.
Describe the life form of marquesota.
Describe the life form of cara' de Angola.
Describe the life form of cara' da Guine'.
Describe the life form of dam.
Describe the life form of ngaka.
Describe the life form of pae.
Describe the life form of ni-parai(Cook I).
Describe the life form of pua-hi(Cook I).
Describe the life form of ufi (Cook I).
Describe the life form of uvi.
Describe the life form of vutua.
Describe the life form of ufi.
Describe the life form of aso'aso.
Describe the life form of au poto.
Describe the life form of tafasoa.
Describe the life form of uvi (Simbo).
Describe the life form of marihi (Roviana).
Describe the life form of yam tru (except in Madang Province).
Describe the life form of ñame de agua.
Describe the life form of ñame.
Describe the life form of potato yam.
Describe the life form of bitter yam.
Describe the life form of air potato yam.
Describe the life form of akam yam.
Describe the life form of acom.
Describe the life form of Otaheite yam.
Describe the life form of Otaheite potato.
Describe the life form of inhame.
Describe the life form of cara' de Sao Tome'.
Describe the life form of cara' do ar.
Describe the life form of cara' de espinho.
Describe the life form of cara' de sapateiro.
Describe the life form of figado de peru'.
Describe the life form of ufi sina.
Describe the life form of ufi soi.
Describe the life form of hoi.
Describe the life form of Aerial yam.
Describe the life form of fancy yam.
Describe the life form of potato yam.
Describe the life form of lesser yam.
Describe the life form of lesser asiatic yam.
Describe the life form of igname.
Describe the life form of inhame de comer.
Describe the life form of inhame taioba.
Describe the life form of inhame de enxerto.
Describe the life form of kawai.
Describe the life form of ufilei.
Describe the life form of ami.
Describe the life form of white yam.
Describe the life form of Guinea yam.
Describe the life form of Igname (Fr).
Describe the life form of kaki.
Describe the life form of persimmon.
Describe the life form of Chinese persimmon.
Describe the life form of Japanese persimmon.
Describe the life form of plaqueminier.
Describe the life form of raquemine.
Describe the life form of kaki-meca.
Describe the life form of Kakifrucht.
Describe the life form of kesemek.
Describe the life form of buah kaki.
Describe the life form of buah samak.
Describe the life form of tonloëp.
Describe the life form of phlap chin.
Describe the life form of thi hông.
Describe the life form of hông thi.
Describe the life form of oriental persimmon.
Describe the life form of sharon fruit.
Describe the life form of durian.
Describe the life form of duren.
Describe the life form of ambetan.
Describe the life form of kadu.
Describe the life form of dulian.
Describe the life form of du-yin.
Describe the life form of thu-réén.
Describe the life form of thourièn.
Describe the life form of thurian.
Describe the life form of thu-rian.
Describe the life form of rian.
Describe the life form of sâù riêng.
Describe the life form of barnyard grass.
Describe the life form of cockspur grass.
Describe the life form of goosefoot grass.
Describe the life form of milha(n) pe' de galo.
Describe the life form of sanvo'.
Describe the life form of oil palm.
Describe the life form of palmier à huile.
Describe the life form of palma aceitera.
Describe the life form of palma de aceite.
Describe the life form of dende.
Describe the life form of Ölpalme.
Describe the life form of youzonglu.
Describe the life form of nahkhil al zite.
Describe the life form of oilepalme.
Describe the life form of olie palm.
Describe the life form of kelapa sawit.
Describe the life form of goose foot.
Describe the life form of crab grass.
Describe the life form of crow's foot.
Describe the life form of te uteute.
Describe the life form of chapra.
Describe the life form of red tasselflower.
Describe the life form of purple sow thistle.
Describe the life form of loquat.
Describe the life form of Japanese medlar.
Describe the life form of Japanese plum.
Describe the life form of neflier du Japon.
Describe the life form of nispereros.
Describe the life form of nespolo.
Describe the life form of Mispel.
Describe the life form of lokwat.
Describe the life form of papalaan.
Describe the life form of ton leap.
Describe the life form of lokh-wot.
Describe the life form of pee-pae.
Describe the life form of ti ba diep.
Describe the life form of so'n tra nhatban'.
Describe the life form of nhot tay.
Describe the life form of biwa.
Describe the life form of coral bean.
Describe the life form of thabyay-hypyoo.
Describe the life form of black plum.
Describe the life form of black plum tree.
Describe the life form of Indian blackberry.
Describe the life form of jambolan.
Describe the life form of jambolan-plum.
Describe the life form of Java plum.
Describe the life form of malabar plum.
Describe the life form of Portuguese plum.
Describe the life form of jamelão.
Describe the life form of duhat.
Describe the life form of lomboi.
Describe the life form of jamélongue.
Describe the life form of jam.
Describe the life form of jaman.
Describe the life form of jamun.
Describe the life form of duwet.
Describe the life form of jamblang.
Describe the life form of pring bai.
Describe the life form of va.
Describe the life form of jambulana.
Describe the life form of jiwat.
Describe the life form of obah.
Describe the life form of jambu.
Describe the life form of jambul.
Describe the life form of madan.
Describe the life form of naval.
Describe the life form of mzambarau.
Describe the life form of hakhiphae.
Describe the life form of wa.
Describe the life form of trâm môc.
Describe the life form of vôi rung.
Describe the life form of Malay apple.
Describe the life form of Laulau.
Describe the life form of Kavika.
Describe the life form of Jambu.
Describe the life form of rose apple.
Describe the life form of Jambeiro-de-Malaca.
Describe the life form of feijoa.
Describe the life form of pineapple guava.
Describe the life form of Brazilian guava.
Describe the life form of mountain guava.
Describe the life form of fig guava.
Describe the life form of guavasteen.
Describe the life form of New Zealand banana.
Describe the life form of guayabo del pais.
Describe the life form of guayabo grande.
Describe the life form of guayabo chico.
Describe the life form of goiaba serrana.
Describe the life form of goiaba verde.
Describe the life form of goiaba abacaxí.
Describe the life form of common fig.
Describe the life form of fig.
Describe the life form of Turkey fig.
Describe the life form of te biku.
Describe the life form of fico.
Describe the life form of Feige.
Describe the life form of figue.
Describe the life form of figo.
Describe the life form of figueira mansa.
Describe the life form of higo.
Describe the life form of etse-beles.
Describe the life form of arbre.
Describe the life form of ficus.
Describe the life form of potato onion.
Describe the life form of multiplier onion.
Describe the life form of Egyptian onion.
Describe the life form of topset onion.
Describe the life form of tree onion.
Describe the life form of Anian.
Describe the life form of fennel.
Describe the life form of sweet fennel.
Describe the life form of fennel seed.
Describe the life form of fenouil sucre.
Describe the life form of fenouil.
Describe the life form of Fenchel.
Describe the life form of vinkel.
Describe the life form of saunf.
Describe the life form of badian.
Describe the life form of raz.
Describe the life form of hinojo.
Describe the life form of faenkål.
Describe the life form of shamar.
Describe the life form of venkel.
Describe the life form of finocchio.
Describe the life form of Aetheroleum foeniculi.
Describe the life form of Aqua foeniculi.
Describe the life form of Foeniculi fructus.
Describe the life form of funcho.
Describe the life form of fyenkhel'.
Describe the life form of uikyo.
Describe the life form of hui-hsiang.
Describe the life form of ensilal.
Describe the life form of kamuni (Galinya).
Describe the life form of insilali (Galinya).
Describe the life form of round kumquat.
Describe the life form of Marumi kumquat.
Describe the life form of cumquate redonda.
Describe the life form of strawberry.
Describe the life form of dessert strawberry.
Describe the life form of garden strawberry.
Describe the life form of fraise.
Describe the life form of fraisier ananas.
Describe the life form of erdbeere.
Describe the life form of morango.
Describe the life form of morangueiro de cultura.
Describe the life form of fresa.
Describe the life form of arben.
Describe the life form of stroboeri.
Describe the life form of dâu tây.
Describe the life form of jordbær.
Describe the life form of jordgubbe.
Describe the life form of tarhamansikka.
Describe the life form of mangosteen.
Describe the life form of dodol.
Describe the life form of king's-fruit.
Describe the life form of mangoustanier.
Describe the life form of mangostan.
Describe the life form of mangostao.
Describe the life form of mangusto.
Describe the life form of mangostane.
Describe the life form of mangoestan.
Describe the life form of manggis.
Describe the life form of settorr.
Describe the life form of mesetor.
Describe the life form of semetah.
Describe the life form of sementah.
Describe the life form of manggustan.
Describe the life form of mongkhut.
Describe the life form of kadiis.
Describe the life form of kanabla.
Describe the life form of mangkhud.
Describe the life form of mang khut.
Describe the life form of mahng-koot.
Describe the life form of mangustai.
Describe the life form of cay mang cut.
Describe the life form of mang cut.
Describe the life form of soya bean.
Describe the life form of soyabean.
Describe the life form of soybean.
Describe the life form of soya.
Describe the life form of sojaboon.
Describe the life form of sojaplant.
Describe the life form of sojaboontjie.
Describe the life form of fejao soja.
Describe the life form of soja.
Describe the life form of dadou.
Describe the life form of soia piini.
Describe the life form of bean - soya.
Describe the life form of Sojabohne.
Describe the life form of yemane.
Describe the life form of Jerusalem artichoke.
Describe the life form of earth apple.
Describe the life form of sunchoke.
Describe the life form of topinambour.
Describe the life form of girasole.
Describe the life form of tupinambo.
Describe the life form of giganteia.
Describe the life form of girassol batateiro.
Describe the life form of rubber.
Describe the life form of caucho.
Describe the life form of seringueira.
Describe the life form of gummi træ.
Describe the life form of cây cao su.
Describe the life form of mpira.
Describe the life form of kenaf.
Describe the life form of ambary.
Describe the life form of ambary hemp.
Describe the life form of brown Indian hemp.
Describe the life form of mesta hemp.
Describe the life form of bastard jute.
Describe the life form of bimli jute.
Describe the life form of bimlipatum jute.
Describe the life form of bimlipatam tree.
Describe the life form of hemp-mallow.
Describe the life form of mesta.
Describe the life form of palungi.
Describe the life form of deccan hemp.
Describe the life form of ambari.
Describe the life form of til.
Describe the life form of teel.
Describe the life form of teal.
Describe the life form of Java jute.
Describe the life form of umbaru.
Describe the life form of linho de gombo.
Describe the life form of canhamo brasileiro.
Describe the life form of papoula de Sao Francisco.
Describe the life form of stokroos.
Describe the life form of dah (West Africa).
Describe the life form of gambo (West Africa).
Describe the life form of rama (West Africa).
Describe the life form of Guinea hemp (Africa).
Describe the life form of roselle.
Describe the life form of rozelle.
Describe the life form of sorrel.
Describe the life form of red sorrel.
Describe the life form of Jamaica sorrel.
Describe the life form of Indian sorrel.
Describe the life form of Guinea sorrel.
Describe the life form of sour-sour.
Describe the life form of Queensland jelly plant.
Describe the life form of jelly okra.
Describe the life form of lemon bush.
Describe the life form of Florida cranberry.
Describe the life form of oseille rouge.
Describe the life form of oseille de Guinée.
Describe the life form of quimbombó chino.
Describe the life form of sereni.
Describe the life form of rosa de Jamaica.
Describe the life form of flor de Jamaica.
Describe the life form of agrio de Guinea.
Describe the life form of quetmia ácida.
Describe the life form of viña.
Describe the life form of viñuela.
Describe the life form of vinagreira.
Describe the life form of azeda de Guiné.
Describe the life form of cururú azédo.
Describe the life form of quiabeiro azédo.
Describe the life form of zuring.
Describe the life form of karkadé.
Describe the life form of carcadé.
Describe the life form of rose-of-Sharon.
Describe the life form of shrub mallow.
Describe the life form of shrubby althaea.
Describe the life form of rosa de Charao.
Describe the life form of alteia.
Describe the life form of barley.
Describe the life form of cebada.
Describe the life form of orge.
Describe the life form of damai.
Describe the life form of cevada.
Describe the life form of gebs.
Describe the life form of Gerste.
Describe the life form of cogon grass.
Describe the life form of blade grass.
Describe the life form of blady grass.
Describe the life form of satintail.
Describe the life form of lalang.
Describe the life form of alang-alang.
Describe the life form of illuk grass.
Describe the life form of cottonwool grass.
Describe the life form of silky grass.
Describe the life form of silver spike.
Describe the life form of Japanese blood grass.
Describe the life form of paille de dys.
Describe the life form of paillotte.
Describe the life form of impérata cylindrique.
Describe the life form of kunai.
Describe the life form of gi.
Describe the life form of ngi.
Describe the life form of capim seno.
Describe the life form of imperata.
Describe the life form of sbow.
Describe the life form of ya kha.
Describe the life form of kyet-mei.
Describe the life form of kurukuru.
Describe the life form of kogon.
Describe the life form of gogon.
Describe the life form of umthente.
Describe the life form of co tranh.
Describe the life form of co tranh sang.
Describe the life form of bach mao.
Describe the life form of nha ca.
Describe the life form of gan.
Describe the life form of food inga.
Describe the life form of ice cream bean.
Describe the life form of pois sucre.
Describe the life form of guarna.
Describe the life form of guamo.
Describe the life form of guama.
Describe the life form of guaba.
Describe the life form of huaba.
Describe the life form of inga.
Describe the life form of guamo bejuco.
Describe the life form of chalaite.
Describe the life form of rabo de mico.
Describe the life form of pacay.
Describe the life form of ingá cipó.
Describe the life form of inga de metro.
Describe the life form of water spinach.
Describe the life form of swamp morning-glory.
Describe the life form of Chinese yung-tsai.
Describe the life form of kangkong.
Describe the life form of sweet potato.
Describe the life form of batatas.
Describe the life form of boniato.
Describe the life form of white-fleshed sweet potato.
Describe the life form of patate douce.
Describe the life form of batata.
Describe the life form of camote.
Describe the life form of papa dulce.
Describe the life form of moniato.
Describe the life form of batata doce.
Describe the life form of batata da terra.
Describe the life form of cara.
Describe the life form of jetica.
Describe the life form of munhata.
Describe the life form of ba ta tah helua.
Describe the life form of gan shu.
Describe the life form of gan ye.
Describe the life form of fan shu.
Describe the life form of batat.
Describe the life form of muntail.
Describe the life form of hua mun.
Describe the life form of man thet.
Describe the life form of lá khoai lang.
Describe the life form of lá khoai mony.
Describe the life form of sød kartoffel.
Describe the life form of bataat.
Describe the life form of patats.
Describe the life form of soetpatats.
Describe the life form of zoete aardappel.
Describe the life form of kamote.
Describe the life form of Süßkartoffel.
Describe the life form of Batate.
Describe the life form of Sakarkand.
Describe the life form of mitha alu.
Describe the life form of ubi jalor.
Describe the life form of hwi.
Describe the life form of keledek.
Describe the life form of ketela rambat.
Describe the life form of tela.
Describe the life form of bodin.
Describe the life form of ubi merah.
Describe the life form of patata Americana.
Describe the life form of patata dolce.
Describe the life form of satsuma-imo.
Describe the life form of kanjo.
Describe the life form of koguma.
Describe the life form of ubi keledek.
Describe the life form of ubi kastela.
Describe the life form of ubi keladi.
Describe the life form of kumala konukonule.
Describe the life form of komora.
Describe the life form of kumara.
Describe the life form of timala.
Describe the life form of kumala.
Describe the life form of umala.
Describe the life form of pana kai (Simbo).
Describe the life form of luzu vaka (Roviana).
Describe the life form of pateta magalo (Tuvalu).
Describe the life form of kaukau.
Describe the life form of kumara muramura (Cook I).
Describe the life form of te kuma.
Describe the life form of Muraina grass.
Describe the life form of sausage tree.
Describe the life form of etua tree.
Describe the life form of quigelia.
Describe the life form of worsboom.
Describe the life form of abu shutor.
Describe the life form of abu sidra.
Describe the life form of um mashatur.
Describe the life form of um shutur.
Describe the life form of gaigani.
Describe the life form of eiervrug.
Describe the life form of kathiri (tamil).
Describe the life form of vazhudhanaikkai (malayalam).
Describe the life form of black nightshade.
Describe the life form of blackberried nightshade.
Describe the life form of common nightshade.
Describe the life form of poison berry.
Describe the life form of morelle noir.
Describe the life form of hierba mora.
Describe the life form of guaraquinha.
Describe the life form of mussa.
Describe the life form of ifungufungu.
Describe the life form of mufunofuno.
Describe the life form of chizutu.
Describe the life form of mvula.
Describe the life form of mvungavunga.
Describe the life form of mvungunya.
Describe the life form of mvungwa.
Describe the life form of mwegea.
Describe the life form of mwicha.
Describe the life form of mederba.
Describe the life form of muVeve.
Describe the life form of pandoro.
Describe the life form of hyacinth bean.
Describe the life form of lablab bean.
Describe the life form of field bean.
Describe the life form of pig-ears.
Describe the life form of rongai dolichos.
Describe the life form of lab-lab bean.
Describe the life form of poor man's bean.
Describe the life form of Tonga bean.
Describe the life form of dolique lab-lab.
Describe the life form of dolique d'Egypte.
Describe the life form of frijol jacinto.
Describe the life form of quiquaqua.
Describe the life form of caroata chwata.
Describe the life form of poroto de Egipto.
Describe the life form of chicarros.
Describe the life form of frijol caballo.
Describe the life form of gallinita.
Describe the life form of frijol de adorno.
Describe the life form of Faselbohne.
Describe the life form of Helmbohne.
Describe the life form of Schlangenbohne.
Describe the life form of batao.
Describe the life form of wal.
Describe the life form of sem.
Describe the life form of lubia (the Sudan).
Describe the life form of lettuce.
Describe the life form of garden lettuce.
Describe the life form of letisi.
Describe the life form of head lettuce.
Describe the life form of cabbage lettuce.
Describe the life form of butter-head lettuce.
Describe the life form of crisp-head lettuce.
Describe the life form of lattuga.
Describe the life form of lattich.
Describe the life form of calabas.
Describe the life form of tecomate.
Describe the life form of zucca.
Describe the life form of kalbas.
Describe the life form of qara'.
Describe the life form of kalabasa.
Describe the life form of bian pu.
Describe the life form of pul qua.
Describe the life form of flaskegræskar.
Describe the life form of kalabas.
Describe the life form of fleskalebas.
Describe the life form of flessepompoen.
Describe the life form of bird-house gourd.
Describe the life form of bottle gourd.
Describe the life form of calabash.
Describe the life form of calabash gourd.
Describe the life form of calabash marrow.
Describe the life form of guinea bean.
Describe the life form of hardshell gourd.
Describe the life form of hard-shell gourd.
Describe the life form of italian edible gourd.
Describe the life form of long squash.
Describe the life form of new guinea bean.
Describe the life form of suzza melon.
Describe the life form of tasmania bean.
Describe the life form of trumpet gourd.
Describe the life form of vegetable gourd.
Describe the life form of white flowered gourd.
Describe the life form of calebasse.
Describe the life form of calebassier.
Describe the life form of courge bouteille.
Describe the life form of gourde.
Describe the life form of Flaschenkürbis.
Describe the life form of Kalebassenkürbis.
Describe the life form of Trompetenkürbis.
Describe the life form of duma.
Describe the life form of qara.
Describe the life form of dudhi.
Describe the life form of dudi.
Describe the life form of ghia.
Describe the life form of ghiya.
Describe the life form of kaddis.
Describe the life form of kaddu.
Describe the life form of lauki.
Describe the life form of lokhi.
Describe the life form of louki.
Describe the life form of tumri.
Describe the life form of cocozza.
Describe the life form of cucuzzi.
Describe the life form of zucca bottiglia.
Describe the life form of zucca da nuoto.
Describe the life form of zucca da vino.
Describe the life form of hyoutan.
Describe the life form of maru-yougao.
Describe the life form of yougao.
Describe the life form of labu botol.
Describe the life form of labu putin.
Describe the life form of moraka.
Describe the life form of abóbora carneira.
Describe the life form of cabaçca.
Describe the life form of colombro.
Describe the life form of kula.
Describe the life form of bule.
Describe the life form of calabaza de peregrinos.
Describe the life form of calabaza de San Roque.
Describe the life form of calabaza viñadera.
Describe the life form of calabaza viñatera.
Describe the life form of cojombro.
Describe the life form of upo.
Describe the life form of segwana.
Describe the life form of iselwa.
Describe the life form of fagufagu.
Describe the life form of fu'afu'a.
Describe the life form of leucaena.
Describe the life form of leucaene.
Describe the life form of guage.
Describe the life form of wild tamarind.
Describe the life form of lead tree.
Describe the life form of faux-acacia.
Describe the life form of faux mimosa.
Describe the life form of lamtoro.
Describe the life form of namas.
Describe the life form of vaivai.
Describe the life form of vaivai ni vavalagi.
Describe the life form of reusewattel.
Describe the life form of stuipboom.
Describe the life form of haole koa.
Describe the life form of koa haole.
Describe the life form of tangantangan.
Describe the life form of tangan tangan.
Describe the life form of talantayan (Guam.
Describe the life form of Marshall Islands).
Describe the life form of talntangan.
Describe the life form of ganitnityuwan tangantan (Yap).
Describe the life form of tuhngantuhngan.
Describe the life form of rohbohtin (Kosrae).
Describe the life form of telentund (Palau).
Describe the life form of lopa samoa (American Samoa).
Describe the life form of fua pepe (American Samoa and Samoa).
Describe the life form of lusina (Samoa).
Describe the life form of pepe (Niue and Samoa).
Describe the life form of nito (Cook Islands).
Describe the life form of siale mohemohe (Tonga).
Describe the life form of vaivai(Fiji).
Describe the life form of vaivai ni vavalangi.
Describe the life form of vaivai dina.
Describe the life form of balori.
Describe the life form of cassis (Vanuatu).
Describe the life form of te kaitetua (Kiribati).
Describe the life form of litchi.
Describe the life form of lychee.
Describe the life form of lin-chee.
Describe the life form of angled loofah.
Describe the life form of luffa.
Describe the life form of tomato.
Describe the life form of tomate.
Describe the life form of pomodoro.
Describe the life form of tomata.
Describe the life form of tomatar.
Describe the life form of temata.
Describe the life form of temeta.
Describe the life form of tamatie.
Describe the life form of macadamia nut.
Describe the life form of noz de macadamia.
Describe the life form of horse gram.
Describe the life form of horse grain.
Describe the life form of kulthi bean.
Describe the life form of Madras gram.
Describe the life form of Madras bean.
Describe the life form of grain de cheval.
Describe the life form of dolico cavallino.
Describe the life form of hurali.
Describe the life form of kalai.
Describe the life form of kallu.
Describe the life form of kollu.
Describe the life form of kulat.
Describe the life form of kulatha.
Describe the life form of kurtikalai.
Describe the life form of muthera.
Describe the life form of muthira.
Describe the life form of muthiva.
Describe the life form of ulavalu.
Describe the life form of pé-bi-zât.
Describe the life form of kerdekorn.
Describe the life form of acerola.
Describe the life form of Barbados cherry.
Describe the life form of Escobillo.
Describe the life form of acerola cherry.
Describe the life form of West Indian cherry.
Describe the life form of cereza.
Describe the life form of cerisie.
Describe the life form of semeruco.
Describe the life form of apple.
Describe the life form of mela.
Describe the life form of appel.
Describe the life form of wild crab.
Describe the life form of crab apple.
Describe the life form of crabapple.
Describe the life form of wild apple.
Describe the life form of maca-brava.
Describe the life form of maguilho.
Describe the life form of mamey.
Describe the life form of mammee.
Describe the life form of mammee apple.
Describe the life form of mammea apple.
Describe the life form of mammy.
Describe the life form of mammy apple.
Describe the life form of St. Domingo apricot.
Describe the life form of South American apricot.
Describe the life form of abricot d' Amerique.
Describe the life form of abricot des Antilles.
Describe the life form of abricot pays.
Describe the life form of abricot de Saint-Dominque.
Describe the life form of abricotier sauvage.
Describe the life form of mamey de Santo Domingo.
Describe the life form of mamey amarillo.
Describe the life form of mamey de Cartagena.
Describe the life form of mata serrano.
Describe the life form of zapote mamey.
Describe the life form of zapote de Santo Domingo.
Describe the life form of abrico.
Describe the life form of abricoteiro.
Describe the life form of abricote.
Describe the life form of abrico do Pará.
Describe the life form of abrico selvagem.
Describe the life form of pecego de Sao Domingos.
Describe the life form of manggis negri.
Describe the life form of aprikot.
Describe the life form of mango.
Describe the life form of mango tree.
Describe the life form of manguier.
Describe the life form of mangue.
Describe the life form of Mangobaum.
Describe the life form of am.
Describe the life form of mago.
Describe the life form of veselperske.
Describe the life form of manga.
Describe the life form of mangueira.
Describe the life form of ambo.
Describe the life form of mangga.
Describe the life form of mempelam.
Describe the life form of ampelam.
Describe the life form of mwàngx.
Describe the life form of mamuang.
Describe the life form of ma-muang.
Describe the life form of xoài.
Describe the life form of tharyetthi.
Describe the life form of svaay.
Describe the life form of asai.
Describe the life form of lebu (Simbo).
Describe the life form of rereke (Roviana).
Describe the life form of mengo.
Describe the life form of cassava.
Describe the life form of tapioca plant.
Describe the life form of manihot.
Describe the life form of manioc.
Describe the life form of maniok.
Describe the life form of cassave.
Describe the life form of mandioca.
Describe the life form of macaxeira (sweet varieties).
Describe the life form of yuca.
Describe the life form of aipim (Brazil).
Describe the life form of mushu.
Describe the life form of tapioka.
Describe the life form of pondu.
Describe the life form of saka-saka.
Describe the life form of yautia.
Describe the life form of alfalfa.
Describe the life form of lucerne.
Describe the life form of common purple lucerne.
Describe the life form of common lucerne.
Describe the life form of purple alfalfa.
Describe the life form of purple medick.
Describe the life form of Spanish trefoil.
Describe the life form of blålusern.
Describe the life form of foder-lucerne.
Describe the life form of sinimailanen.
Describe the life form of Luzerne.
Describe the life form of luzerna.
Describe the life form of alfafa.
Describe the life form of luzerna de flor roxa.
Describe the life form of melga dos prados.
Describe the life form of medicagem dos pastos.
Describe the life form of lusern.
Describe the life form of Medicaginis herba.
Describe the life form of mamoncillo.
Describe the life form of bullace tree.
Describe the life form of Spanish lime.
Describe the life form of honeyberry.
Describe the life form of genip.
Describe the life form of sago palm.
Describe the life form of true sago palm.
Describe the life form of sago.
Describe the life form of sagoutier.
Describe the life form of sagopalme.
Describe the life form of pohon.
Describe the life form of ambulung.
Describe the life form of kirai (Sudan).
Describe the life form of saksak.
Describe the life form of pickerel weed.
Describe the life form of awl tree.
Describe the life form of east Indian mulberry.
Describe the life form of Indian mulberry.
Describe the life form of great morinda.
Describe the life form of yellow tree.
Describe the life form of kura.
Describe the life form of nhàu.
Describe the life form of nhàu rùng.
Describe the life form of cây.
Describe the life form of cây ngao.
Describe the life form of yae yai.
Describe the life form of yo.
Describe the life form of nonu.
Describe the life form of pace.
Describe the life form of nono (Cook islands).
Describe the life form of noni (Marquesas islands).
Describe the life form of dilo (Solomon islands).
Describe the life form of te non (Kiribati).
Describe the life form of mulberry.
Describe the life form of white mulberry.
Describe the life form of Chinese white mulberry.
Describe the life form of fruitless mulberry.
Describe the life form of downing mulberry.
Describe the life form of silkworm mulberry.
Describe the life form of weeping mulberry.
Describe the life form of murier.
Describe the life form of moreira.
Describe the life form of amoreira branca.
Describe the life form of shatut.
Describe the life form of wit moerbei.
Describe the life form of calabur tree.
Describe the life form of capulin.
Describe the life form of ornamental cherry.
Describe the life form of Japanense cherry.
Describe the life form of Panama berry.
Describe the life form of Jamaican cherry.
Describe the life form of Singapore cherry.
Describe the life form of strawberry tree.
Describe the life form of jam tree.
Describe the life form of cerri.
Describe the life form of kersen.
Describe the life form of talok.
Describe the life form of calabura.
Describe the life form of paude seda.
Describe the life form of kerukup siam.
Describe the life form of datiles.
Describe the life form of krâkhôb barang.
Describe the life form of khoom sômz.
Describe the life form of takhôb.
Describe the life form of takhop farang.
Describe the life form of trùng cà.
Describe the life form of mât sâm.
Describe the life form of calabur.
Describe the life form of sirsen.
Describe the life form of common banana.
Describe the life form of banana.
Describe the life form of plantain.
Describe the life form of broadleaf plantain.
Describe the life form of dessert banana.
Describe the life form of dwarf cavendish.
Describe the life form of banane.
Describe the life form of liwii.
Describe the life form of nas.
Describe the life form of navits.
Describe the life form of vii.
Describe the life form of meika (Cook I).
Describe the life form of vudi ni vavalagi.
Describe the life form of vudi.
Describe the life form of dini.
Describe the life form of vuda ni vavalagi.
Describe the life form of si.
Describe the life form of te banana (Kiribati).
Describe the life form of futi (Niue).
Describe the life form of fusi (Niue).
Describe the life form of hopa (Tonga).
Describe the life form of fai (Samoa).
Describe the life form of fai'i (Samoa).
Describe the life form of vudi (Simbo).
Describe the life form of hakua (Roviana).
Describe the life form of piesang (Afrikaans).
Describe the life form of futi (Tuvalu).
Describe the life form of watercress.
Describe the life form of cresson d'eau.
Describe the life form of cresson de fontaine.
Describe the life form of wara kebis.
Describe the life form of brunnenkresse.
Describe the life form of agriao de agua.
Describe the life form of berro.
Describe the life form of rambutan.
Describe the life form of rambootan.
Describe the life form of ramboutan.
Describe the life form of rambuteira.
Describe the life form of rambut (= 'hair'in Malay).
Describe the life form of usan (Philippines).
Describe the life form of usau (Philippines).
Describe the life form of usare (Philippines).
Describe the life form of phruan (Thailand).
Describe the life form of ngaw.
Describe the life form of ser mon (Cambodia).
Describe the life form of chle (Cambodia).
Describe the life form of chle sao mao (Cambodia).
Describe the life form of shao tzu.
Describe the life form of rambotang.
Describe the life form of rambustan.
Describe the life form of rambutao.
Describe the life form of litchi chevelu.
Describe the life form of ramboetan.
Describe the life form of nypa palm.
Describe the life form of nipa palm.
Describe the life form of mangrove palm.
Describe the life form of palmeira nipa.
Describe the life form of spelt nipa.
Describe the life form of mangrove.
Describe the life form of Nipapalme.
Describe the life form of Attapalme.
Describe the life form of Mangrovenpalme.
Describe the life form of basil.
Describe the life form of sweet basil.
Describe the life form of common basil.
Describe the life form of basilic.
Describe the life form of Basilikum.
Describe the life form of Basilienkraut.
Describe the life form of basilico.
Describe the life form of albahaca.
Describe the life form of basilkort.
Describe the life form of raihan.
Describe the life form of basilicum.
Describe the life form of manjericao.
Describe the life form of bazilik.
Describe the life form of maboki.
Describe the life form of lo-le.
Describe the life form of Basilici herba.
Describe the life form of Aetheroleum basilici.
Describe the life form of olive.
Describe the life form of ulivo.
Describe the life form of rice.
Describe the life form of riso.
Describe the life form of riz.
Describe the life form of arroz.
Describe the life form of raisi.
Describe the life form of chawal.
Describe the life form of dhan.
Describe the life form of shali.
Describe the life form of rais.
Describe the life form of kumi.
Describe the life form of kome.
Describe the life form of ku.
Describe the life form of dao.
Describe the life form of tao.
Describe the life form of kao.
Describe the life form of cau.
Describe the life form of byeo.
Describe the life form of padi.
Describe the life form of paddy.
Describe the life form of vrihi.
Describe the life form of arishi.
Describe the life form of oruza.
Describe the life form of lúa.
Describe the life form of lúa gao.
Describe the life form of arishi Arruz.
Describe the life form of reis.
Describe the life form of Wayaka yam bean.
Describe the life form of Mexican yam bean.
Describe the life form of yam bean.
Describe the life form of Mexican turnip.
Describe the life form of chop-suey bean.
Describe the life form of manioc bean.
Describe the life form of three-lobed-leaved yam bean.
Describe the life form of four-lobed-root yam bean.
Describe the life form of singkamas.
Describe the life form of dolique bulbeuse.
Describe the life form of pois patate.
Describe the life form of pois manioc.
Describe the life form of pais patate.
Describe the life form of feijao batata.
Describe the life form of jacatupe'.
Describe the life form of jacutupe'.
Describe the life form of paquirrizo.
Describe the life form of jicama.
Describe the life form of ahipa.
Describe the life form of judía batata.
Describe the life form of jiquima.
Describe the life form of knollige bohne.
Describe the life form of yambohne.
Describe the life form of yamsbohne.
Describe the life form of fagiolo patata.
Describe the life form of dolico bulboso.
Describe the life form of sankalu.
Describe the life form of mishrikand.
Describe the life form of sinkamas.
Describe the life form of sakalu.
Describe the life form of pre myit.
Describe the life form of fan-ko.
Describe the life form of sha ge.
Describe the life form of sha got.
Describe the life form of sha kot.
Describe the life form of dou shu.
Describe the life form of liang shu.
Describe the life form of tu gua.
Describe the life form of bai tu gua.
Describe the life form of fan ge.
Describe the life form of yamsbønne.
Describe the life form of bengkoewang.
Describe the life form of hoewi iris.
Describe the life form of hoewi hiris.
Describe the life form of mame imo.
Describe the life form of pe'kuëk.
Describe the life form of man ph'au.
Describe the life form of bengkuang.
Describe the life form of kacang sengkuang.
Describe the life form of mengkuwang.
Describe the life form of sengkuang.
Describe the life form of sengkuwang.
Describe the life form of besusu.
Describe the life form of jacatupé.
Describe the life form of jacutupé.
Describe the life form of jocotupé.
Describe the life form of bangkowang.
Describe the life form of bangkooang.
Describe the life form of iguama.
Describe the life form of tani uttan kai.
Describe the life form of man kaeo.
Describe the life form of huapaekua.
Describe the life form of man lao.
Describe the life form of köklü böyrüce.
Describe the life form of curdau.
Describe the life form of san.
Describe the life form of cu san.
Describe the life form of Barbados flowerfence.
Describe the life form of horsebean.
Describe the life form of Jerusalem-thorn.
Describe the life form of Mexican paloverde.
Describe the life form of sessaban.
Describe the life form of yellow granadilla.
Describe the life form of belle apple.
Describe the life form of Jamaican honeysuckle.
Describe the life form of vinegar pear.
Describe the life form of yellow water lemon.
Describe the life form of marie-tambour.
Describe the life form of maritambou.
Describe the life form of pomme d'or.
Describe the life form of pomme-liane.
Describe the life form of pomme de liane.
Describe the life form of saibey.
Describe the life form of parcha.
Describe the life form of parcha de culebra.
Describe the life form of maracujá.
Describe the life form of maracujá laranja.
Describe the life form of wasserlimone.
Describe the life form of wassermelone.
Describe the life form of banana passion.
Describe the life form of banana passionfruit.
Describe the life form of banana poka.
Describe the life form of poka.
Describe the life form of curuba.
Describe the life form of curuba de Castilla.
Describe the life form of curuba sabanera blanco.
Describe the life form of tacso.
Describe the life form of tagso.
Describe the life form of tauso.
Describe the life form of parcha.
Describe the life form of tumbo.
Describe the life form of tumbo del norte.
Describe the life form of trompos.
Describe the life form of tintin.
Describe the life form of giant granadilla.
Describe the life form of granadilla.
Describe the life form of square-stemmed passion flower.
Describe the life form of fleur de le passion.
Describe the life form of barbadine.
Describe the life form of parcha.
Describe the life form of granadilla real.
Describe the life form of grandadilla grande.
Describe the life form of parcha granadina.
Describe the life form of parcha de Guinea.
Describe the life form of ganadilla de fresco.
Describe the life form of granadilla para refrescos.
Describe the life form of badea.
Describe the life form of corvejo.
Describe the life form of sandía de Pasión.
Describe the life form of maracuya-acu.
Describe the life form of maracuja-assu.
Describe the life form of maracuja silvestre.
Describe the life form of maracuya grande.
Describe the life form of maracuja melao.
Describe the life form of maracuja mamao.
Describe the life form of maracuja de Caiena.
Describe the life form of parola.
Describe the life form of kasaflora.
Describe the life form of erbis.
Describe the life form of makisa.
Describe the life form of markiza.
Describe the life form of markoesa.
Describe the life form of markeesa.
Describe the life form of manesa.
Describe the life form of timun belanda.
Describe the life form of timun hutan.
Describe the life form of marquesa.
Describe the life form of mentimun.
Describe the life form of su-khontha-rot.
Describe the life form of dua gan tay.
Describe the life form of chum bao dua.
Describe the life form of Parapotina maata (Cooks).
Describe the life form of Palatini.
Describe the life form of Vine fua lalahi.
Describe the life form of Tinitini (Niue).
Describe the life form of Pasione (Tonga).
Describe the life form of Pasio (Samoa).
Describe the life form of parsnip.
Describe the life form of panais.
Describe the life form of pastinak.
Describe the life form of avocado.
Describe the life form of avocatier.
Describe the life form of aguacate.
Describe the life form of adpukat.
Describe the life form of avokad.
Describe the life form of apukado.
Describe the life form of avokaa.
Describe the life form of awokado.
Describe the life form of bo'.
Describe the life form of ie dau.
Describe the life form of apoka (Cook I).
Describe the life form of pea.
Describe the life form of avoka.
Describe the life form of aviota.
Describe the life form of bata.
Describe the life form of chamborote.
Describe the life form of chilipuca.
Describe the life form of cubaces.
Describe the life form of cub.
Describe the life form of frijol chamborote.
Describe the life form of haricot d'Espagne.
Describe the life form of runner bean.
Describe the life form of bean - runner.
Describe the life form of scarlet runner bean.
Describe the life form of broad bean.
Describe the life form of butter bean.
Describe the life form of lima bean.
Describe the life form of caraota de a€o.
Describe the life form of frijol de media luna.
Describe the life form of frijol de monte.
Describe the life form of frijol de ratón.
Describe the life form of frijolillo.
Describe the life form of gros pois.
Describe the life form of candou.
Describe the life form of guaracara.
Describe the life form of haba.
Describe the life form of haricot de sieva.
Describe the life form of pira de a€o.
Describe the life form of bean - broad.
Describe the life form of common bean.
Describe the life form of french bean.
Describe the life form of frijol.
Describe the life form of garden bean.
Describe the life form of green bean.
Describe the life form of wandou.
Describe the life form of Buschbohne.
Describe the life form of adenguare.
Describe the life form of Stangenbohne.
Describe the life form of Reiserbohne.
Describe the life form of habichuela.
Describe the life form of haricot.
Describe the life form of haricot bean.
Describe the life form of haricot commun.
Describe the life form of haricot francais.
Describe the life form of kidney bean.
Describe the life form of mange-tout.
Describe the life form of pois.
Describe the life form of snap bean.
Describe the life form of pini.
Describe the life form of piini.
Describe the life form of field bean.
Describe the life form of wax bean.
Describe the life form of bean - common.
Describe the life form of Phaseoli legumina.
Describe the life form of date palm.
Describe the life form of palmier dattier.
Describe the life form of datte.
Describe the life form of kajoor.
Describe the life form of Dattel.
Describe the life form of Dattelpalme.
Describe the life form of dattero.
Describe the life form of palma datilera.
Describe the life form of palm - date.
Describe the life form of tamar.
Describe the life form of al nakheel.
Describe the life form of pokok korma.
Describe the life form of korma.
Describe the life form of Andean uvilla.
Describe the life form of allspice.
Describe the life form of pimento.
Describe the life form of pimienta gorda.
Describe the life form of piment.
Describe the life form of kryddpeppar.
Describe the life form of pepe di Giamaica.
Describe the life form of pimenta-da-Jamaica.
Describe the life form of yamayski pyerets.
Describe the life form of bahar.
Describe the life form of pea.
Describe the life form of garden pea.
Describe the life form of English pea.
Describe the life form of green pea.
Describe the life form of petits pois.
Describe the life form of guisante.
Describe the life form of arveja.
Describe the life form of erbse.
Describe the life form of mattar.
Describe the life form of ervilha.
Describe the life form of arapatao.
Describe the life form of bisillah.
Describe the life form of purslane.
Describe the life form of pigweed.
Describe the life form of peach.
Describe the life form of pêche.
Describe the life form of melocoton.
Describe the life form of pesca.
Describe the life form of Pfirsich.
Describe the life form of pessego.
Describe the life form of Semen Persicae.
Describe the life form of red Ceylon peach.
Describe the life form of bonanza peach.
Describe the life form of clingstone peach.
Describe the life form of freestone peach.
Describe the life form of red haven peach.
Describe the life form of Rio Oso gem peach.
Describe the life form of cherry guava.
Describe the life form of Chinese guava.
Describe the life form of guava Chinese.
Describe the life form of strawberry guava.
Describe the life form of goyave de Chine.
Describe the life form of Cattley guava.
Describe the life form of guava.
Describe the life form of guayaba.
Describe the life form of goyave.
Describe the life form of goyavier.
Describe the life form of goiaba.
Describe the life form of goeajaaba.
Describe the life form of Guave.
Describe the life form of jambu batu.
Describe the life form of bayabas.
Describe the life form of guyabas.
Describe the life form of trapaek sruk.
Describe the life form of si da.
Describe the life form of farang.
Describe the life form of fa-rahng.
Describe the life form of ma-kuai.
Describe the life form of ma-man.
Describe the life form of oi.
Describe the life form of kuava.
Describe the life form of amrut.
Describe the life form of kautoga.
Describe the life form of kua'va.
Describe the life form of zeitun.
Describe the life form of winged bean.
Describe the life form of Goa bean.
Describe the life form of princess bean.
Describe the life form of four angled bean.
Describe the life form of asparagus bean.
Describe the life form of asparagus pea.
Describe the life form of princess-pea.
Describe the life form of supermarket bean.
Describe the life form of short day asparagus pea.
Describe the life form of pois asperge.
Describe the life form of pois carré.
Describe the life form of haricot ailé.
Describe the life form of pois ailé.
Describe the life form of dólico de Goa.
Describe the life form of frijol alado.
Describe the life form of judia careta.
Describe the life form of calamismi.
Describe the life form of flügelbohne.
Describe the life form of Goabohne.
Describe the life form of sikaku mame.
Describe the life form of pe saung ya.
Describe the life form of hto pong.
Describe the life form of ku bemya.
Describe the life form of si leng dou.
Describe the life form of si jiao dou.
Describe the life form of sz kok tau.
Describe the life form of Goabønne.
Describe the life form of ketjipir.
Describe the life form of Goanpapu.
Describe the life form of fagiolo quadrato.
Describe the life form of prâpiëy.
Describe the life form of thwàx ph'uu.
Describe the life form of kecipir.
Describe the life form of kethipir.
Describe the life form of ketjeepir.
Describe the life form of kachang botol.
Describe the life form of kacang botol.
Describe the life form of kacang kelisa.
Describe the life form of kachang botor.
Describe the life form of kacang botor.
Describe the life form of kacang sirek.
Describe the life form of kechang bolon.
Describe the life form of kachang belimbing.
Describe the life form of fava de cavalo.
Describe the life form of vingböna.
Describe the life form of segidilla.
Describe the life form of sigarilya.
Describe the life form of sigarillas.
Describe the life form of sigadillas.
Describe the life form of thua phuu.
Describe the life form of dau rong.
Describe the life form of kalamismis.
Describe the life form of kabey.
Describe the life form of asbin.
Describe the life form of as bin.
Describe the life form of padauk.
Describe the life form of Burmese rosewood.
Describe the life form of liki.
Describe the life form of kudzu.
Describe the life form of acha.
Describe the life form of nepalem.
Describe the life form of kudzu vine.
Describe the life form of Japanese arrowroot.
Describe the life form of cudzu'.
Describe the life form of kudzu comun.
Describe the life form of vigne japonaise.
Describe the life form of kudzu du Japon.
Describe the life form of Kopoubohne.
Describe the life form of pueraria.
Describe the life form of kuzu.
Describe the life form of puero.
Describe the life form of tropical kudzu.
Describe the life form of yerba kudzu.
Describe the life form of cudzu' dos tropicos.
Describe the life form of pomegranate.
Describe the life form of grenadine.
Describe the life form of Chinese apple.
Describe the life form of grenade.
Describe the life form of grenadier.
Describe the life form of roma.
Describe the life form of roman.
Describe the life form of romanzeira.
Describe the life form of milgrada.
Describe the life form of mirgadeira.
Describe the life form of granada.
Describe the life form of granado.
Describe the life form of dalima.
Describe the life form of melograno.
Describe the life form of pear.
Describe the life form of pear tree.
Describe the life form of poire.
Describe the life form of poirier.
Describe the life form of pera.
Describe the life form of pereira.
Describe the life form of peral.
Describe the life form of Birne.
Describe the life form of Birnenbaum.
Describe the life form of radish.
Describe the life form of Japanese radish.
Describe the life form of leafy daikon.
Describe the life form of daikon.
Describe the life form of European raspberry.
Describe the life form of red garden raspberry.
Describe the life form of red raspberry.
Describe the life form of hindberry.
Describe the life form of rasberry.
Describe the life form of raspberry.
Describe the life form of hindbær.
Describe the life form of frambuesa.
Describe the life form of framboise.
Describe the life form of framboeza.
Describe the life form of sarca-ideia.
Describe the life form of Himbeere.
Describe the life form of Rubi idaei folium.
Describe the life form of dewberry.
Describe the life form of duruka.
Describe the life form of Fiji aspragus.
Describe the life form of duruka.
Describe the life form of dule (Fiji).
Describe the life form of pit-pit (Melanesia).
Describe the life form of naviso.
Describe the life form of Coastal pitpit.
Describe the life form of Pitpit.
Describe the life form of sugarcane.
Describe the life form of sugar cane.
Describe the life form of canna da zucchero.
Describe the life form of caña de azúcar.
Describe the life form of cana de acucar.
Describe the life form of Zuckerrohr.
Describe the life form of suikerriet.
Describe the life form of shenkora.
Describe the life form of dovu.
Describe the life form of dovu buta.
Describe the life form of dovu vico.
Describe the life form of malaqele.
Describe the life form of kabakabavale.
Describe the life form of ganna.
Describe the life form of te kaikawewe (Kiribati).
Describe the life form of to.
Describe the life form of tolo (Samoa.
Describe the life form of Tuvalu).
Describe the life form of peqi (Simbo).
Describe the life form of suti (Roviana).
Describe the life form of suga.
Describe the life form of rain tree saman.
Describe the life form of monkey-pod tree.
Describe the life form of monkeypod.
Describe the life form of saman tree.
Describe the life form of zaman.
Describe the life form of genisaro.
Describe the life form of cow tamarind.
Describe the life form of porrain tree.
Describe the life form of arvore da chuva.
Describe the life form of samania.
Describe the life form of guango.
Describe the life form of feijao cru'.
Describe the life form of mendubi de veado.
Describe the life form of ohai saman.
Describe the life form of 'ohai.
Describe the life form of gumor ni spanis.
Describe the life form of kasia.
Describe the life form of vaivai ni vavalangi.
Describe the life form of vaivai ni vavalagi.
Describe the life form of tronkon mames.
Describe the life form of trongkon-mames.
Describe the life form of filinganga (CNMI-Carolinian).
Describe the life form of rye.
Describe the life form of seigle.
Describe the life form of centeno.
Describe the life form of roggen.
Describe the life form of saat-roggen.
Describe the life form of segale comune.
Describe the life form of zyto.
Describe the life form of almindelig rug.
Describe the life form of rug.
Describe the life form of råg.
Describe the life form of rúgur.
Describe the life form of ruis.
Describe the life form of rogge.
Describe the life form of chayote.
Describe the life form of Madeira marrow.
Describe the life form of vegetable pear.
Describe the life form of zucchetta spinosa.
Describe the life form of cidrayota.
Describe the life form of gayota.
Describe the life form of chistophine.
Describe the life form of mirliton.
Describe the life form of chocho.
Describe the life form of chuchu.
Describe the life form of xuxu.
Describe the life form of machiche.
Describe the life form of machuchu (Brazil).
Describe the life form of papa del arie (Argentina).
Describe the life form of huisquil (Mexico).
Describe the life form of choko.
Describe the life form of Sioko.
Describe the life form of sesame.
Describe the life form of ajonjoli.
Describe the life form of sesamo.
Describe the life form of zhima.
Describe the life form of gergelim.
Describe the life form of til.
Describe the life form of sesam.
Describe the life form of simsim.
Describe the life form of kunzhut.
Describe the life form of goma.
Describe the life form of hu-ma.
Describe the life form of selit.
Describe the life form of scarlet wisteria tree.
Describe the life form of glossy nightshade.
Describe the life form of small flowered nightshade.
Describe the life form of American black nightshade.
Describe the life form of morelle noire.
Describe the life form of harsh.
Describe the life form of managu.
Describe the life form of key awuti.
Describe the life form of eggplant.
Describe the life form of aubergine.
Describe the life form of brinjal.
Describe the life form of badinjan.
Describe the life form of jew's apple.
Describe the life form of mad apple.
Describe the life form of melongene.
Describe the life form of melanzana.
Describe the life form of baijani.
Describe the life form of baigan.
Describe the life form of beringela.
Describe the life form of jiloeiro.
Describe the life form of jilo'.
Describe the life form of gilo'.
Describe the life form of berenjena.
Describe the life form of paigani.
Describe the life form of paegani (Tuvalu).
Describe the life form of albaricoque.
Describe the life form of European elder.
Describe the life form of common elder.
Describe the life form of black elder.
Describe the life form of bour.
Describe the life form of bour tree.
Describe the life form of elder.
Describe the life form of key-awuti.
Describe the life form of schwarzer nachtschatten.
Describe the life form of nattskatta.
Describe the life form of svartsøtvier.
Describe the life form of mustakoiso.
Describe the life form of karakap.
Describe the life form of sort natskygge.
Describe the life form of boro ni veiwere.
Describe the life form of Qaqata (Konsogna).
Describe the life form of A'ena (Wolayetgna).
Describe the life form of Awitt (Amargna).
Describe the life form of naranjilla.
Describe the life form of little orange.
Describe the life form of Quito orange.
Describe the life form of lulo.
Describe the life form of morelle de Quito.
Describe the life form of orange de Quito.
Describe the life form of quitoense.
Describe the life form of naranjilla de Quito.
Describe the life form of nuqui.
Describe the life form of naranjita de Quito.
Describe the life form of lulun.
Describe the life form of toronja.
Describe the life form of laranjitas de Quito.
Describe the life form of lulo frucht.
Describe the life form of lulu puscolulu.
Describe the life form of lulum (Inca).
Describe the life form of prickly solanum.
Describe the life form of terongan.
Describe the life form of soni.
Describe the life form of bhankatiya.
Describe the life form of turkeyberry.
Describe the life form of berenjena cimarrona.
Describe the life form of potato.
Describe the life form of tuber.
Describe the life form of spud.
Describe the life form of Irish potato.
Describe the life form of white potato.
Describe the life form of Spanish potato.
Describe the life form of pomme de terre.
Describe the life form of patate.
Describe the life form of batata.
Describe the life form of batateira vulgar.
Describe the life form of papa.
Describe the life form of vateta.
Describe the life form of aartappel.
Describe the life form of katoffel.
Describe the life form of Kartoffel.
Describe the life form of peruna.
Describe the life form of potaati.
Describe the life form of potatis.
Describe the life form of patata.
Describe the life form of firefly mangrove.
Describe the life form of mangrove.
Describe the life form of broom-corn.
Describe the life form of sorghum.
Describe the life form of sweet sorghum.
Describe the life form of chicken corn.
Describe the life form of sorgho.
Describe the life form of sorgo.
Describe the life form of ipwa.
Describe the life form of bachanta.
Describe the life form of tinkish.
Describe the life form of Hirse.
Describe the life form of African tulip tree.
Describe the life form of Tulpenbaum.
Describe the life form of spinach.
Describe the life form of epinard.
Describe the life form of espinaca.
Describe the life form of spinacio.
Describe the life form of ambarella.
Describe the life form of otaheite apple.
Describe the life form of great hog plum.
Describe the life form of hogplum.
Describe the life form of kedondong manis.
Describe the life form of kedondong.
Describe the life form of hevi.
Describe the life form of mokak.
Describe the life form of kook hvaan.
Describe the life form of makok-farang.
Describe the life form of cóc.
Describe the life form of golden apple.
Describe the life form of koris.
Describe the life form of yellow mombin.
Describe the life form of hog plum.
Describe the life form of Spanish plum.
Describe the life form of gully plum.
Describe the life form of Ashanti plum.
Describe the life form of mombin franc.
Describe the life form of mombin fruits jaunes.
Describe the life form of mombinier.
Describe the life form of myrobalane.
Describe the life form of prune mombin.
Describe the life form of prune myrobalan.
Describe the life form of prunier mombin.
Describe the life form of caimito.
Describe the life form of chupandilla.
Describe the life form of ciruela agria.
Describe the life form of ciruela amarilla.
Describe the life form of ciruela de jobo.
Describe the life form of ciruela del pais.
Describe the life form of ciruela de monte.
Describe the life form of ciruela loca.
Describe the life form of cirueld mango.
Describe the life form of ciruela obo.
Describe the life form of cuajo.
Describe the life form of guama zapotero.
Describe the life form of hobo de monte.
Describe the life form of hubu.
Describe the life form of jobillo.
Describe the life form of jobito.
Describe the life form of jobo.
Describe the life form of jobo arisco.
Describe the life form of joboban.
Describe the life form of jobo blanco.
Describe the life form of jobo de Castilla.
Describe the life form of jobo de perro.
Describe the life form of jobo de puerco.
Describe the life form of jobo espino.
Describe the life form of jobo espinoso.
Describe the life form of jobo gusanero.
Describe the life form of jobo hembra.
Describe the life form of jobo jocote.
Describe the life form of jobo negro.
Describe the life form of jobo roñoso.
Describe the life form of jobo vano.
Describe the life form of jocote.
Describe the life form of jocote amarillo.
Describe the life form of jocote de chanche.
Describe the life form of jocote dejobo.
Describe the life form of jocote jobo.
Describe the life form of jocote montanero.
Describe the life form of jocote montero.
Describe the life form of jovo.
Describe the life form of marapa.
Describe the life form of obo de zopilote.
Describe the life form of palo de mulato.
Describe the life form of noma.
Describe the life form of tobo de montana.
Describe the life form of obo.
Describe the life form of uvo.
Describe the life form of acaiba.
Describe the life form of acaimiri.
Describe the life form of acaja.
Describe the life form of acajaiba.
Describe the life form of caja.
Describe the life form of caja mirim.
Describe the life form of caja pequeno.
Describe the life form of cajazeiro.
Describe the life form of and caja miudo.
Describe the life form of hoeboe.
Describe the life form of mompe.
Describe the life form of monbe.
Describe the life form of mopé.
Describe the life form of moppé.
Describe the life form of taperiba.
Describe the life form of tapiriba.
Describe the life form of tamarind.
Describe the life form of Indian date.
Describe the life form of Madeira mahogany.
Describe the life form of camalindo.
Describe the life form of sampaloc.
Describe the life form of tamarin.
Describe the life form of tamarindo.
Describe the life form of tamarainer.
Describe the life form of tamarindier.
Describe the life form of ardeib.
Describe the life form of tamarindeiro.
Describe the life form of tamarinho.
Describe the life form of tamarineiro.
Describe the life form of tamarinheiro.
Describe the life form of tamanha.
Describe the life form of jubai'.
Describe the life form of tamarinde.
Describe the life form of tamarindizio.
Describe the life form of ambli.
Describe the life form of amli.
Describe the life form of imli.
Describe the life form of amalika.
Describe the life form of tintiff.
Describe the life form of tintul.
Describe the life form of tetul.
Describe the life form of chinch.
Describe the life form of chitz.
Describe the life form of asam jawa.
Describe the life form of assam.
Describe the life form of tambaring.
Describe the life form of chinta.
Describe the life form of sitta.
Describe the life form of pulian.
Describe the life form of tetili.
Describe the life form of salomagi.
Describe the life form of sampalok.
Describe the life form of kalamagi.
Describe the life form of makham.
Describe the life form of bakham.
Describe the life form of somkham.
Describe the life form of humer.
Describe the life form of masika.
Describe the life form of dakar (Senegal).
Describe the life form of ukwaju.
Describe the life form of arabeb.
Describe the life form of b/roka.
Describe the life form of racahu.
Describe the life form of dereho.
Describe the life form of dindie.
Describe the life form of ghroma.
Describe the life form of gianko.
Describe the life form of omar.
Describe the life form of aradeib.
Describe the life form of tamarihindi.
Describe the life form of shekere.
Describe the life form of kuashi.
Describe the life form of danufi.
Describe the life form of daharg.
Describe the life form of dakah.
Describe the life form of dakhar.
Describe the life form of ndakhar.
Describe the life form of roka.
Describe the life form of hemor.
Describe the life form of homor.
Describe the life form of humar.
Describe the life form of komar.
Describe the life form of tommar.
Describe the life form of siyambala.
Describe the life form of maha.
Describe the life form of mushishi.
Describe the life form of mkwaju.
Describe the life form of ol-masamburai.
Describe the life form of mwemba.
Describe the life form of hamar.
Describe the life form of khaam.
Describe the life form of mak kham.
Describe the life form of puli.
Describe the life form of magyi.
Describe the life form of magyee.
Describe the life form of majee-pen.
Describe the life form of tamarenn.
Describe the life form of 'am' pul.
Describe the life form of ampil.
Describe the life form of khoua me.
Describe the life form of kham.
Describe the life form of me.
Describe the life form of trai me.
Describe the life form of ttri.
Describe the life form of titis.
Describe the life form of paun.
Describe the life form of dabe.
Describe the life form of jammeh.
Describe the life form of jammi.
Describe the life form of homar.
Describe the life form of roka (Galinya).
Describe the life form of ragai (Soddu).
Describe the life form of tamarind-hendi.
Describe the life form of Rogo'ota (Konsogna).
Describe the life form of Koria (Wolayetgna).
Describe the life form of Tropical almond.
Describe the life form of Indian almond.
Describe the life form of sea almond.
Describe the life form of badamier (Fr.).
Describe the life form of daile.
Describe the life form of natapoa.
Describe the life form of alita.
Describe the life form of talie.
Describe the life form of telie.
Describe the life form of Tatalise (Roviana).
Describe the life form of Talise (Simbo/Marovo).
Describe the life form of Java almond.
Describe the life form of cocoa.
Describe the life form of cacao.
Describe the life form of koko.
Describe the life form of Kakao.
Describe the life form of fey dayiti.
Describe the life form of gran maho.
Describe the life form of grand mahaut.
Describe the life form of gros mahaut.
Describe the life form of gwo maho.
Describe the life form of mahot.
Describe the life form of cork tree.
Describe the life form of Indian tulip tree.
Describe the life form of John-Bull tree.
Describe the life form of large-leaved tulip tree.
Describe the life form of milo.
Describe the life form of Pacific rosewood.
Describe the life form of portia tree.
Describe the life form of seaside mahoe.
Describe the life form of feuilles d'Haiti.
Describe the life form of motel debou.
Describe the life form of gajadanda.
Describe the life form of paras-pipal.
Describe the life form of parsipu.
Describe the life form of porush.
Describe the life form of baru laut.
Describe the life form of waru laut.
Describe the life form of baëhs sâmut.
Describe the life form of chréi sâmut.
Describe the life form of baru baru.
Describe the life form of alamo.
Describe the life form of alamo blanco.
Describe the life form of carana.
Describe the life form of clamour.
Describe the life form of duartiana.
Describe the life form of emajaguilla.
Describe the life form of higuillo.
Describe the life form of jaqueca.
Describe the life form of majaguilla.
Describe the life form of majugua de la Florida.
Describe the life form of palo de jaqueca.
Describe the life form of pho-thale.
Describe the life form of mangrove.
Describe the life form of charcoal tree.
Describe the life form of gun-powder tree.
Describe the life form of mpesi.
Describe the life form of menarong.
Describe the life form of bulasisi.
Describe the life form of corgul.
Describe the life form of peppermint.
Describe the life form of brandy mint.
Describe the life form of menthe poivree.
Describe the life form of menthe.
Describe the life form of bohe.
Describe the life form of Pfefferminze.
Describe the life form of menta.
Describe the life form of pepparmynta.
Describe the life form of pepermynte.
Describe the life form of na'na.
Describe the life form of pepermunt.
Describe the life form of hortela.
Describe the life form of myata.
Describe the life form of seiyo-hakka.
Describe the life form of Folia Menthae piperitae.
Describe the life form of Oleum Menthae piperitae.
Describe the life form of Spiritus Menthae piperitae.
Describe the life form of Menthae piperitae herba.
Describe the life form of Aetheroleum menthae piperitae.
Describe the life form of yang-po-ho.
Describe the life form of snake gourd.
Describe the life form of chichinda.
Describe the life form of wheat.
Describe the life form of bread wheat.
Describe the life form of blé.
Describe the life form of alkamh.
Describe the life form of sinde.
Describe the life form of xiao mai.
Describe the life form of trigo.
Describe the life form of brödvete.
Describe the life form of vanligt vete.
Describe the life form of kveite.
Describe the life form of almindelig hvede.
Describe the life form of leipävehnä.
Describe the life form of vehnä.
Describe the life form of hveiti.
Describe the life form of aat-weize.
Describe the life form of weizen.
Describe the life form of grano.
Describe the life form of frumento.
Describe the life form of lua mi.
Describe the life form of froment.
Describe the life form of cereals-wheat.
Describe the life form of ulluco.
Describe the life form of melloco.
Describe the life form of oca quina.
Describe the life form of rubas (Ecuador).
Describe the life form of olloco.
Describe the life form of ulluca.
Describe the life form of ulluma (Argentina).
Describe the life form of papa lisas.
Describe the life form of lisas (Bolivia).
Describe the life form of olluco.
Describe the life form of papalisa (Peru).
Describe the life form of rubas.
Describe the life form of camarones de tierra.
Describe the life form of ruhuas (Colombia).
Describe the life form of micuche.
Describe the life form of miguri.
Describe the life form of ruba.
Describe the life form of tinquino (Venezuela).
Describe the life form of broad bean.
Describe the life form of Windsor bean.
Describe the life form of faba bean.
Describe the life form of ackerbohne.
Describe the life form of pferde bohne.
Describe the life form of fève de Marais.
Describe the life form of fava.
Describe the life form of faveira.
Describe the life form of horse bean.
Describe the life form of adzuki bean.
Describe the life form of adsuki.
Describe the life form of atsuki atzuki.
Describe the life form of azuki bean.
Describe the life form of haricot adzuki.
Describe the life form of haricot à feuilles angulaires.
Describe the life form of haricot konde.
Describe the life form of nirikia.
Describe the life form of feijâo adzuki.
Describe the life form of frijol adzuki.
Describe the life form of frijol diablito.
Describe the life form of poroto arroz.
Describe the life form of adzukibohne.
Describe the life form of fagiolo adzuki.
Describe the life form of red  bean.
Describe the life form of black gram.
Describe the life form of urd.
Describe the life form of urid.
Describe the life form of mung bean.
Describe the life form of bean - mung.
Describe the life form of green gram (India).
Describe the life form of mung bean (Aust).
Describe the life form of judia de mungo.
Describe the life form of poroto mungo (Paraguay).
Describe the life form of ambérique.
Describe the life form of Mungbohne.
Describe the life form of rice bean.
Describe the life form of bean - rice.
Describe the life form of red bean.
Describe the life form of lazy-man pea.
Describe the life form of haricot de riz.
Describe the life form of frijol arroz.
Describe the life form of judia de arroz.
Describe the life form of mambi bean.
Describe the life form of anipay.
Describe the life form of bamboo bean.
Describe the life form of climbing mountain bean.
Describe the life form of crab-eye bean.
Describe the life form of dungay.
Describe the life form of kalipan.
Describe the life form of kilkilang.
Describe the life form of linay.
Describe the life form of mangulasi.
Describe the life form of mungo lising.
Describe the life form of pagapay.
Describe the life form of pagsei.
Describe the life form of paksai.
Describe the life form of taklauo.
Describe the life form of tapilan.
Describe the life form of gai-kalai.
Describe the life form of ghurush.
Describe the life form of gurounsh.
Describe the life form of gurush.
Describe the life form of kachang sepalit.
Describe the life form of katjang otji.
Describe the life form of meth.
Describe the life form of pau maia.
Describe the life form of shiltong.
Describe the life form of sita-mas.
Describe the life form of sutari.
Describe the life form of sutri.
Describe the life form of take-azuki.
Describe the life form of tsuru-adsuki.
Describe the life form of mu-tsa.
Describe the life form of reisbohne.
Describe the life form of cow pea.
Describe the life form of cowpea.
Describe the life form of southern pea (USA).
Describe the life form of yard long bean.
Describe the life form of pois inconnu.
Describe the life form of pois manger cochon.
Describe the life form of frijol de vaca.
Describe the life form of jiangdou.
Describe the life form of caupí.
Describe the life form of boeme.
Describe the life form of catjang.
Describe the life form of niebe.
Describe the life form of pois liane.
Describe the life form of grape.
Describe the life form of raisin.
Describe the life form of grappe.
Describe the life form of uva.
Describe the life form of videira.
Describe the life form of vinha.
Describe the life form of vindrue.
Describe the life form of buah anggur.
Describe the life form of auggut.
Describe the life form of ubas.
Describe the life form of sa-pyit.
Describe the life form of tra pèang baay chum.
Describe the life form of angunx.
Describe the life form of artgun.
Describe the life form of nho.
Describe the life form of Traube.
Describe the life form of Weintraube.
Describe the life form of Vitis viniferae folium.
Describe the life form of enab.
Describe the life form of vite.
Describe the life form of tannia.
Describe the life form of new cocoyam.
Describe the life form of tania.
Describe the life form of badoo (Jam).
Describe the life form of Chinese taro (Pap.N.G.).
Describe the life form of chou (Gren).
Describe the life form of chou caraibe (Ant).
Describe the life form of Dalo ni tana (Fi).
Describe the life form of Fiji taro.
Describe the life form of ghuya.
Describe the life form of kimpool.
Describe the life form of kong kong taro (N.Guin.).
Describe the life form of macabo (Cam).
Describe the life form of maduma (Tanz).
Describe the life form of maffafa (Ant).
Describe the life form of Malanga (Ant-Cub).
Describe the life form of Malanga blanca (Nic).
Describe the life form of Mangareto (Bra).
Describe the life form of Ocumo (Ven).
Describe the life form of Ocumo cuman (Ven).
Describe the life form of Quequeque (Guat.).
Describe the life form of Rascadera (Bra).
Describe the life form of Singapo?.
Describe the life form of Tajer (Sur).
Describe the life form of Taioba (Bra).
Describe the life form of Talo papalagi (Sam).
Describe the life form of Ta'amu papalagi.
Describe the life form of Tanyove (Guy).
Describe the life form of Tarua??.
Describe the life form of Tata.
Describe the life form of Tayobe.
Describe the life form of Tayonne.
Describe the life form of Tayo Tyo (W.I.).
Describe the life form of Tiquisque (C.Ri.).
Describe the life form of Yautia bravia (P.Ri.).
Describe the life form of maize.
Describe the life form of corn.
Describe the life form of Mais.
Describe the life form of maiz.
Describe the life form of milho.
Describe the life form of yumi.
Describe the life form of khao phoat.
Describe the life form of bekolo.
Describe the life form of sila.
Describe the life form of sila nivava lagi.
Describe the life form of tomorokpshi.
Describe the life form of makai.
Describe the life form of makki.
Describe the life form of koane.
Describe the life form of fiso.
Describe the life form of sana.
Describe the life form of keto (Simbo/Roviana).
Describe the life form of kon.
Describe the life form of mielie.
Describe the life form of mahindi.
Describe the life form of ekidid (Karamojong).
Describe the life form of maidis stigmata.
Describe the life form of mbemba.
Describe the life form of poone.
Describe the life form of upfu.
Describe the life form of hupfu.
Describe the life form of mbila.
Describe the life form of amaranths.
Describe the life form of xian.
Describe the life form of lishalisho.
Describe the life form of ferenjitef.
Describe the life form of iyaso (Galinya).
Describe the life form of jolili (Galinya).
Describe the life form of gagabsa (Wollamo).
Describe the life form of dill.
Describe the life form of garden dill.
Describe the life form of East Indian dill.
Describe the life form of aneth.
Describe the life form of eneldo.
Describe the life form of shibith.
Describe the life form of dille.
Describe the life form of aneto.
Describe the life form of funcho bastardo.
Describe the life form of endro.
Describe the life form of ukrop.
Describe the life form of shih-lo.
Describe the life form of Anethi folium.
Describe the life form of Anethi fructus.
Describe the life form of Aetheroleum anethi fructus.
Describe the life form of Aetheroleum anethi herba.
Describe the life form of cherimoya.
Describe the life form of cherimoyer.
Describe the life form of soursop.
Describe the life form of sauerapfel.
Describe the life form of cherimolier.
Describe the life form of graveola.
Describe the life form of noina ostrelia.
Describe the life form of ilama.
Describe the life form of anona blanca.
Describe the life form of ilamatzapotl.
Describe the life form of izlama.
Describe the life form of papausa.
Describe the life form of Soncoya.
Describe the life form of bignay.
Describe the life form of Chinese laurel.
Describe the life form of blackcurrant tree.
Describe the life form of salamander tree.
Describe the life form of antidesme.
Describe the life form of antidesma da China.
Describe the life form of cardoeira.
Describe the life form of buni.
Describe the life form of wuni.
Describe the life form of huni.
Describe the life form of bunch.
Describe the life form of paginga.
Describe the life form of isip.
Describe the life form of kho liên tu.
Describe the life form of baa mao ruesee.
Describe the life form of mamao dong.
Describe the life form of mao chaang.
Describe the life form of chiòi mòi.
Describe the life form of groundnut.
Describe the life form of peanut.
Describe the life form of monkeynut.
Describe the life form of arachide.
Describe the life form of cacahuètes.
Describe the life form of Erdnuss.
Describe the life form of goober.
Describe the life form of mani.
Describe the life form of mani largo.
Describe the life form of pindels.
Describe the life form of pistach.
Describe the life form of pistache.
Describe the life form of pinat.
Describe the life form of pinati.
Describe the life form of earthnut.
Describe the life form of Manila nut.
Describe the life form of Chinese nut.
Describe the life form of pindar.
Describe the life form of goober pea.
Describe the life form of spagnoletta.
Describe the life form of nilakkadalai.
Describe the life form of kadalai.
Describe the life form of akee.
Describe the life form of ackee.
Describe the life form of akee apple.
Describe the life form of vegetable brain.
Describe the life form of arbre fricassé.
Describe the life form of arbre a fricasser.
Describe the life form of yeux de crabe.
Describe the life form of ris de veau.
Describe the life form of seso vegetal.
Describe the life form of arbol de seso.
Describe the life form of palo de seso.
Describe the life form of huevo vegetal.
Describe the life form of fruto de huevo.
Describe the life form of arbor del huevo.
Describe the life form of pera roja.
Describe the life form of merey del diablo.
Describe the life form of bien me sabe.
Describe the life form of pan y quesito.
Describe the life form of akí.
Describe the life form of castanha.
Describe the life form of castanheiro de Africa.
Describe the life form of finza.
Describe the life form of akie.
Describe the life form of kaka.
Describe the life form of finzan.
Describe the life form of akye.
Describe the life form of akyen.
Describe the life form of ishin.
Describe the life form of Kohlrabi.
Describe the life form of Sword bean.
Describe the life form of achira.
Describe the life form of edible canna.
Describe the life form of purple arrowroot.
Describe the life form of Queensland arrowroot.
Describe the life form of Australian arrow root.
Describe the life form of tous-les-mois.
Describe the life form of toloman.
Describe the life form of conflor.
Describe the life form of bahasa.
Describe the life form of achera.
Describe the life form of capacho.
Describe the life form of sugù.
Describe the life form of chisqua.
Describe the life form of adura.
Describe the life form of luano.
Describe the life form of gruya.
Describe the life form of tolumán.
Describe the life form of tikas.
Describe the life form of punyapong.
Describe the life form of kaska.
Describe the life form of piriquitoya.
Describe the life form of maraca.
Describe the life form of imocona.
Describe the life form of platanillo.
Describe the life form of cafiacoros.
Describe the life form of ganyong.
Describe the life form of lembong njeedra.
Describe the life form of seneetra.
Describe the life form of merù.
Describe the life form of birù manso.
Describe the life form of bery.
Describe the life form of imbiry.
Describe the life form of araruta bastarda.
Describe the life form of bandua de Uribe.
Describe the life form of adalut.
Describe the life form of kenyong.
Describe the life form of ubi gereda.
Describe the life form of zembu.
Describe the life form of sakhu chin.
Describe the life form of dong rieng.
Describe the life form of Pecan.
Describe the life form of chestnut.
Describe the life form of European chestnut.
Describe the life form of French chestnut.
Describe the life form of Italian chestnut.
Describe the life form of Spanish chestnut.
Describe the life form of Sardian chestnut.
Describe the life form of sweet chestnut.
Describe the life form of Congo stick.
Describe the life form of chataignier.
Describe the life form of castagno.
Describe the life form of Kastanienbaum.
Describe the life form of Edelkastanie.
Describe the life form of ægte kastanie.
Describe the life form of castanheiro vulgar.
Describe the life form of Castaneae folium.
Describe the life form of aila.
Describe the life form of Key lime.
Describe the life form of acid lime.
Describe the life form of Mexican lime.
Describe the life form of sour lime.
Describe the life form of West Indian lime.
Describe the life form of lime tree.
Describe the life form of common lime.
Describe the life form of lime acide.
Describe the life form of limettier.
Describe the life form of citron vert.
Describe the life form of limoo.
Describe the life form of doc.
Describe the life form of lima.
Describe the life form of limón ceutí.
Describe the life form of lima ácida.
Describe the life form of tipolo.
Describe the life form of Limette.
Describe the life form of Limettenbaum.
Describe the life form of Limone.
Describe the life form of saure Limette.
Describe the life form of saure Limonette.
Describe the life form of Limonelle.
Describe the life form of kagzi mimboo.
Describe the life form of jeruk nipis.
Describe the life form of jeruk pecel.
Describe the life form of limau asam.
Describe the life form of limau nipis.
Describe the life form of mull.
Describe the life form of dayap.
Describe the life form of krooch chhmaa muul.
Describe the life form of naaw.
Describe the life form of somma nao.
Describe the life form of manao.
Describe the life form of cbanh.
Describe the life form of chanh ta.
Describe the life form of muli.
Describe the life form of sipora.
Describe the life form of arani (Cooks).
Describe the life form of moli.
Describe the life form of molie.
Describe the life form of moli laimi.
Describe the life form of laimi.
Describe the life form of nabbu kaghdi.
Describe the life form of te raim (Kiribati).
Describe the life form of moli tipolo.
Describe the life form of Omani lime (Oman).
Describe the life form of kaghzi nimba.
Describe the life form of baladi lemon (Egypt).
Describe the life form of gallego (Brazil).
Describe the life form of hazel nut.
Describe the life form of European hazel.
Describe the life form of cob nuts.
Describe the life form of Irish coll.
Describe the life form of fertile de Coutard.
Describe the life form of longue d'Espagne.
Describe the life form of lungha di Spagne.
Describe the life form of nocciolo.
Describe the life form of Gunslebenert Zellernuss.
Describe the life form of Gunslebert.
Describe the life form of Haselnuss.
Describe the life form of Haselnussbaum.
Describe the life form of hassel.
Describe the life form of hasselbuske.
Describe the life form of vanlig hassel.
Describe the life form of pähkinäpensas.
Describe the life form of Coryli folium.
Describe the life form of black sapote.
Describe the life form of black persimmon.
Describe the life form of zapote negro.
Describe the life form of Java apple.
Describe the life form of buckwheat.
Describe the life form of qiaomei.
Describe the life form of ogal.
Describe the life form of mite phapar.
Describe the life form of grecicha kul'turnaja.
Describe the life form of poganka.
Describe the life form of sarrasin.
Describe the life form of trigo sarraceno.
Describe the life form of fagopiro.
Describe the life form of echter Buchweizen.
Describe the life form of Buchweizen.
Describe the life form of Keidekorn.
Describe the life form of soba.
Describe the life form of bovete.
Describe the life form of bokvete.
Describe the life form of vanligt bovete.
Describe the life form of bokkveite.
Describe the life form of almindelig boghvede.
Describe the life form of viljatatar.
Describe the life form of Fagopyri semen.
Describe the life form of Fagopyri herba.
Describe the life form of Governor's plum.
Describe the life form of batoko plum.
Describe the life form of Indian plum.
Describe the life form of whip cane.
Describe the life form of jangoma.
Describe the life form of flacurtia.
Describe the life form of oval kumquat.
Describe the life form of Nagame kumquat.
Describe the life form of cumquate oval.
Describe the life form of wild strawberry.
Describe the life form of Walderdbeere.
Describe the life form of Knickbeere.
Describe the life form of fragolina di bosco.
Describe the life form of smultron.
Describe the life form of skogssmultron.
Describe the life form of månadssmultron.
Describe the life form of markjordbær.
Describe the life form of skov-jordbær.
Describe the life form of ahomansikka.
Describe the life form of mansikka.
Describe the life form of villijar›arber.
Describe the life form of gourka.
Describe the life form of egg tree.
Describe the life form of peach palm.
Describe the life form of pejibaye.
Describe the life form of chontaduro.
Describe the life form of pijuayo(Peru).
Describe the life form of palmier-peche.
Describe the life form of pupunha.
Describe the life form of (see also under Notes).
Describe the life form of walnut.
Describe the life form of walnut tree.
Describe the life form of Nussbaum.
Describe the life form of Walnussbaum.
Describe the life form of echte Walnuß.
Describe the life form of noce.
Describe the life form of noyer.
Describe the life form of nogal.
Describe the life form of valnød.
Describe the life form of almindelig valnød.
Describe the life form of valnöt.
Describe the life form of valnötsträd.
Describe the life form of äkta valnöt.
Describe the life form of Juglandis folium.
Describe the life form of Juglandis pericarpium.
Describe the life form of Juglandis disseptum.
Describe the life form of langsat.
Describe the life form of duku.
Describe the life form of kokosan.
Describe the life form of duku-langsat.
Describe the life form of lansones.
Describe the life form of boboa.
Describe the life form of buahan.
Describe the life form of longkong.
Describe the life form of bònbon.
Describe the life form of Sapodilla.
Describe the life form of chiku.
Describe the life form of Arrowroot.
Describe the life form of balm.
Describe the life form of lemon balm.
Describe the life form of Melisse.
Describe the life form of melisse officinale.
Describe the life form of Melissae folium.
Describe the life form of Melissae herba.
Describe the life form of Aetheroleum melissae.
Describe the life form of false pickerelweed.
Describe the life form of horseradish tree.
Describe the life form of ben oil tree.
Describe the life form of drumstick tree.
Describe the life form of clarifier tree.
Describe the life form of mother's best friend.
Describe the life form of moringa tree.
Describe the life form of cabbage tree.
Describe the life form of benzolive tree.
Describe the life form of malunggay.
Describe the life form of zogallagandi.
Describe the life form of okwe oyibo.
Describe the life form of mlonge.
Describe the life form of mzunze.
Describe the life form of ewe-igbale.
Describe the life form of meelsakboom.
Describe the life form of Aleco (Konsogna).
Describe the life form of Shiferaw (Amargna).
Describe the life form of Kalan'gi (Hamer-Bena).
Describe the life form of black mulberry.
Describe the life form of murier noir.
Describe the life form of gelso.
Describe the life form of maulbeerbaum.
Describe the life form of amoreira preta.
Describe the life form of mora negra.
Describe the life form of velvet bean.
Describe the life form of banana stock pea.
Describe the life form of ojo de venado.
Describe the life form of mucuna negra.
Describe the life form of poroto aterciopelado (Arg.).
Describe the life form of frijol terciopelo (Mex.).
Describe the life form of haba de terciopelo (P.R.).
Describe the life form of pois a gratter.
Describe the life form of haricot veloute.
Describe the life form of pois mascate.
Describe the life form of dolique de Floride.
Describe the life form of alkusi.
Describe the life form of makhmali sem.
Describe the life form of kavach.
Describe the life form of kaunch.
Describe the life form of alkushi.
Describe the life form of atmagupta.
Describe the life form of dulagondi.
Describe the life form of punaikkali.
Describe the life form of nasugunni.
Describe the life form of cigu.
Describe the life form of kaocho.
Describe the life form of taingilotra.
Describe the life form of stizolobia.
Describe the life form of fluweelboontjie.
Describe the life form of Egyptian lotus.
Describe the life form of Egyptian bean.
Describe the life form of sacred lotus.
Describe the life form of lotus.
Describe the life form of sacred bean.
Describe the life form of water bean.
Describe the life form of Indian lotus.
Describe the life form of Hindu lotus.
Describe the life form of Chinese arrowroot.
Describe the life form of East Indian lotus.
Describe the life form of nelumbo.
Describe the life form of nelumbo rosa.
Describe the life form of loto indico.
Describe the life form of pulasan.
Describe the life form of Water dropwort.
Describe the life form of Chinese celery.
Describe the life form of piopo.
Describe the life form of pampoong.
Describe the life form of funcho da China.
Describe the life form of oca.
Describe the life form of sorrel.
Describe the life form of oxalis.
Describe the life form of truffette acide.
Describe the life form of knollen sauerklee.
Describe the life form of oqa.
Describe the life form of okka.
Describe the life form of okta (Quechua).
Describe the life form of apiha.
Describe the life form of apilla.
Describe the life form of kawi (Aymara).
Describe the life form of ibia (Colombia).
Describe the life form of ruba.
Describe the life form of timbo.
Describe the life form of quiba (Venezuela).
Describe the life form of papa roja.
Describe the life form of papa colorada (Mexico).
Describe the life form of huisisai.
Describe the life form of ibias (South America).
Describe the life form of kao.
Describe the life form of yam (NZ).
Describe the life form of Nonda plums.
Describe the life form of Engam.
Describe the life form of sweet granadilla.
Describe the life form of yellow passionfruit.
Describe the life form of sweet passion fruit.
Describe the life form of grenadille douce.
Describe the life form of granadilla.
Describe the life form of granadilla de China.
Describe the life form of granadita.
Describe the life form of parchita amarilla.
Describe the life form of parcha dulce.
Describe the life form of granadilla común.
Describe the life form of granaditta.
Describe the life form of Pistachio nut.
Describe the life form of green almond.
Describe the life form of pistache.
Describe the life form of pistachier.
Describe the life form of pistachio.
Describe the life form of pistacio.
Describe the life form of alfostico.
Describe the life form of alfostigueiro.
Describe the life form of Canistel.
Describe the life form of Egg fruit tree.
Describe the life form of almond.
Describe the life form of sweet almond.
Describe the life form of amandier.
Describe the life form of amendoeira.
Describe the life form of almendro.
Describe the life form of apricot.
Describe the life form of albicocca.
Describe the life form of Aprikose.
Describe the life form of abricot.
Describe the life form of alperceiro.
Describe the life form of damasqueiro.
Describe the life form of akamba (Bena).
Describe the life form of agamita (Konsogna).
Describe the life form of agam (Amargna).
Describe the life form of agamssa (Oromiffa).
Describe the life form of adishawel.
Describe the life form of olamuriaki.
Describe the life form of large num-num.
Describe the life form of big num-num.
Describe the life form of Natal plum.
Describe the life form of grootnoemnoem.
Describe the life form of Amatungulu.
Describe the life form of sureau.
Describe the life form of Holunder.
Describe the life form of schwarzer Holunder.
Describe the life form of hyldebær.
Describe the life form of sambuco.
Describe the life form of sabugueiro da Europa.
Describe the life form of rosa do bem fazer.
Describe the life form of Sambuci flos.
Describe the life form of Sambuci herba.
Describe the life form of Sambuci fructus.
Describe the life form of potherb fameflower.
Describe the life form of waterleaf.
Describe the life form of Surinam purslane.
Describe the life form of Ceylon spinach.
Describe the life form of sweetheart.
Describe the life form of grassé.
Describe the life form of poslen.
Describe the life form of krokot belanda.
Describe the life form of talina de Java.
Describe the life form of espinafre de Ceilao.
Describe the life form of kumu manus.
Describe the life form of talilong.
Describe the life form of galaghati.
Describe the life form of biala.
Describe the life form of som-kaoli.
Describe the life form of som-khon.
Describe the life form of som-chin.
Describe the life form of thoornhaan saam.
Describe the life form of cariru.
Describe the life form of lagos bologi.
Describe the life form of salsify.
Describe the life form of oyster plant.
Describe the life form of vegetable oyster.
Describe the life form of purple goat's-beard.
Describe the life form of cercefi roxo.
Describe the life form of barba de bode.
Describe the life form of mashua.
Describe the life form of anu.
Describe the life form of mashwa.
Describe the life form of mashua (Peru.
Describe the life form of Ecuador).
Describe the life form of isano (Peru.
Describe the life form of Bolivia).
Describe the life form of maswallo.
Describe the life form of mazuko.
Describe the life form of mascho.
Describe the life form of anyu (Peru).
Describe the life form of cubio.
Describe the life form of navies.
Describe the life form of nave (Colombia).
Describe the life form of afiu.
Describe the life form of apifiu.
Describe the life form of apifia mama.
Describe the life form of yanaoca (Quechua).
Describe the life form of isau.
Describe the life form of issanu.
Describe the life form of kkayacha (Aymara).
Describe the life form of puel (southern Colombia).
Describe the life form of isafio.
Describe the life form of isanu.
Describe the life form of apilla (Bolivia).
Describe the life form of ysafio (South America).
Describe the life form of yellow plum.
Describe the life form of sour plum.
Describe the life form of tallow wood.
Describe the life form of wild lime.
Describe the life form of wild olive.
Describe the life form of wild plum.
Describe the life form of mpingi.
Describe the life form of mtundakula.
Describe the life form of inkoy.
Describe the life form of huda (Galinya).
Describe the life form of maleta.
Describe the life form of mellau.
Describe the life form of aure-mudube.
Describe the life form of mandraut.
Describe the life form of mondruk.
Describe the life form of morod.
Describe the life form of amirgudud.
Describe the life form of enkoy.
Describe the life form of oda (Galinya.
Describe the life form of Kaffa).
Describe the life form of hastee (Gamo).
Describe the life form of bolahanica (Gamo).
Describe the life form of kutata (Konsogna).
Describe the life form of mulahua (Wolayetgna).
Describe the life form of kus (Hamer-Bena).
Describe the life form of Albaria.
Describe the life form of Alabaricoque.
Describe the life form of Albarillo.
Describe the life form of Cagalero.
Describe the life form of Caimito de monte.
Describe the life form of Chocomico.
Describe the life form of Espino de brujo.
Describe the life form of Guayabo del diablo.
Describe the life form of Jocomico.
Describe the life form of Limoncillo.
Describe the life form of Manzana guayaba.
Describe the life form of Manzanillo.
Describe the life form of Membrillo de monte.
Describe the life form of Pata.
Describe the life form of Pepenance.
Describe the life form of Tigrito.
Describe the life form of Tocote de monte.
Describe the life form of Yana.
Describe the life form of Ameixa.
Describe the life form of Ameixeria do campo.
Describe the life form of Espinha de maicha.
Describe the life form of Buol.
Describe the life form of False santalwood.
Describe the life form of Hog plum.
Describe the life form of Mountain plum.
Describe the life form of Seaside plum.
Describe the life form of Spanish plum.
Describe the life form of Tallowwood plum.
Describe the life form of Yellow sanders.
Describe the life form of Tallow nut.
Describe the life form of Monkey plum.
Describe the life form of Citron de la mer.
Describe the life form of citronnier de la mer.
Describe the life form of Heymassoliépineux.
Describe the life form of Macaby.
Describe the life form of Prune-épine.
Describe the life form of Prunier de mer.
Describe the life form of Prunier canaque.
Describe the life form of rhubarb.
Describe the life form of Rabarber.
Describe the life form of atemoya.
Describe the life form of custard apple.
Describe the life form of football fruit.
Describe the life form of pangi.
Describe the life form of sis.
Describe the life form of Kepayang.
Describe the life form of Silver beet.
Describe the life form of smooth loofah.
Describe the life form of loofa (Micronesia).
Describe the life form of sel lap (Pohnpei/Micronesia).
Describe the life form of patola.
Describe the life form of vegetable sponge.
Describe the life form of edible luffa.
Describe the life form of sponge gourd.
Describe the life form of chickpea.
Describe the life form of Bengal gram.
Describe the life form of pois chiche.
Describe the life form of cafe francais.
Describe the life form of gravancos.
Describe the life form of sigro.
Describe the life form of hanaz.
Describe the life form of djelbane.
Describe the life form of banana.
Describe the life form of bananier.
Describe the life form of pisang.
Describe the life form of saging.
Describe the life form of nget pyo thee.
Describe the life form of cheek ham' vaa.
Describe the life form of kwhyz.
Describe the life form of kluai.
Describe the life form of chuoi.
Describe the life form of muz.
Describe the life form of giant taro.
Describe the life form of paragum.
Describe the life form of cunjevoi.
Describe the life form of cunjevoi lily.
Describe the life form of mottled giant alocasia.
Describe the life form of baru.
Describe the life form of ta'amu (Samoa).
Describe the life form of ape (Cook I.
Describe the life form of French Polynesia).
Describe the life form of babai (Kiribati).
Describe the life form of kape (Niue.
Describe the life form of Tonga).
Describe the life form of pulaka (Tuvalu).
Describe the life form of via mila.
Describe the life form of via sori.
Describe the life form of viagaga.
Describe the life form of viadranu.
Describe the life form of viadidi.
Describe the life form of alocasia gigante.
Describe the life form of orange mangrove.
Describe the life form of mapeki.
Describe the life form of pertut.
Describe the life form of taheup.
Describe the life form of tenggel.
Describe the life form of putut.
Describe the life form of tumu.
Describe the life form of tomo.
Describe the life form of kandeka.
Describe the life form of tanjang.
Describe the life form of lindur.
Describe the life form of sala-sala.
Describe the life form of dau.
Describe the life form of tongke.
Describe the life form of mangrove.
Describe the life form of mangrove.
Describe the life form of quinoa.
Describe the life form of quinua.
Describe the life form of kiuna.
Describe the life form of jiura.
Describe the life form of quinhua.
Describe the life form of suba.
Describe the life form of safflower.
Describe the life form of cartamo.
Describe the life form of alazor.
Describe the life form of carthame.
Describe the life form of honghua.
Describe the life form of osfor.
Describe the life form of podsolnuh.
Describe the life form of kusum.
Describe the life form of kusumba.
Describe the life form of kusumbha.
Describe the life form of suff.
Describe the life form of aspir.
Describe the life form of golbar aftab.
Describe the life form of muswar.
Describe the life form of benibana.
Describe the life form of cartama.
Describe the life form of Saflor.
Describe the life form of Carthami flos.
Describe the life form of Carthami semen.
Describe the life form of Oleum carthami.
Describe the life form of false saffron.
Describe the life form of bastard saffron.
Describe the life form of American saffron.
Describe the life form of dyer's thistle.
Describe the life form of dyer's saffron.
Describe the life form of saffron thistle.
Describe the life form of hong hua.
Describe the life form of tepary bean.
Describe the life form of bean - tepary.
Describe the life form of moth bean.
Describe the life form of mat bean.
Describe the life form of Turkish gram.
Describe the life form of haricot papillon.
Describe the life form of moot.
Describe the life form of aconite leaved bean.
Describe the life form of dew bean.
Describe the life form of gram.
Describe the life form of kidney bean.
Describe the life form of Kumkumapesalu.
Describe the life form of math.
Describe the life form of matki.
Describe the life form of phillipesara.
Describe the life form of tulkayrai.
Describe the life form of meth-kalai.
Describe the life form of minimulu.
Describe the life form of kallupayaru.
Describe the life form of naripayaru.
Describe the life form of pani payeru.
Describe the life form of kheri.
Describe the life form of matpe.
Describe the life form of mittikelu.
Describe the life form of melon shrub.
Describe the life form of sweet cucumber.
Describe the life form of pear melon.
Describe the life form of pepino.
Describe the life form of melon-poire.
Describe the life form of poire-melo.
Describe the life form of cahum.
Describe the life form of pepino dulce.
Describe the life form of mataserrano.
Describe the life form of peramelon.
Describe the life form of xachum.
Describe the life form of kachuma.
Describe the life form of Mulga.
Describe the life form of Yarran.
Describe the life form of Umbrella mulga.
Describe the life form of Turpentine Mulga.
Describe the life form of Witchety bush.
Describe the life form of Cork bark wattle.
Describe the life form of Dogwood.
Describe the life form of Wirewood.
Describe the life form of Desert Oak.
Describe the life form of Wiry wattle.
Describe the life form of Hall’s Creek wattle.
Describe the life form of Kuteera-Gum.
Describe the life form of Kikar.
Describe the life form of gum arabic.
Describe the life form of gum acacia.
Describe the life form of kumut.
Describe the life form of Sudan gum arabic.
Describe the life form of three-thorned acacia.
Describe the life form of Turkey gum.
Describe the life form of cape gum.
Describe the life form of acacia du senegal.
Describe the life form of gommier.
Describe the life form of Arabicumbaum.
Describe the life form of Gummibaum.
Describe the life form of alloba.
Describe the life form of asharat.
Describe the life form of hashab.
Describe the life form of debehi.
Describe the life form of dakwara.
Describe the life form of kikwata.
Describe the life form of goma arábica.
Describe the life form of umKhala.
Describe the life form of River cooba.
Describe the life form of Eumong.
Describe the life form of Native Willow.
Describe the life form of Bramble wattle.
Describe the life form of Gundabluey.
Describe the life form of Elegant wattle.
Describe the life form of pineapple guava.
Describe the life form of feijoo.
Describe the life form of féijoa.
Describe the life form of guayaba.
Describe the life form of guayabo del país.
Describe the life form of guayaba chilena.
Describe the life form of guayaba del país.
Describe the life form of guayaba sumina.
Describe the life form of goiaba-feijoa.
Describe the life form of goiaba serrana.
Describe the life form of goiabeira serrana.
Describe the life form of araçá do Rio Grande.
Describe the life form of goiaba do campo.
Describe the life form of goiaba silvestre.
Describe the life form of Brasilianische guave.
Describe the life form of macauba palm.
Describe the life form of macauba.
Describe the life form of macaw palm.
Describe the life form of macaya oil.
Describe the life form of groo groo.
Describe the life form of grugru palm.
Describe the life form of corosse.
Describe the life form of mbocayá.
Describe the life form of totaí.
Describe the life form of cobrush.
Describe the life form of tamaco.
Describe the life form of coyol.
Describe the life form of coco baboso.
Describe the life form of coco de catarro.
Describe the life form of coquito.
Describe the life form of bocaiuva.
Describe the life form of mocayá.
Describe the life form of corozo.
Describe the life form of catey.
Describe the life form of cayara.
Describe the life form of cayiete.
Describe the life form of ocori.
Describe the life form of palma de vino.
Describe the life form of gru-gru.
Describe the life form of mucajá.
Describe the life form of grou grou.
Describe the life form of total.
Describe the life form of palma de vino.
Describe the life form of mocaya.
Describe the life form of cayiete.
Describe the life form of ocori.
Describe the life form of gru gru.
Describe the life form of grau.
Describe the life form of mukalla.
Describe the life form of uba.
Describe the life form of mujuca.
Describe the life form of noz de Paraguai.
Describe the life form of hardy kiwi.
Describe the life form of bower vine.
Describe the life form of dessert kiwi.
Describe the life form of cocktail kiwi.
Describe the life form of tara vine.
Describe the life form of yang-tao.
Describe the life form of African baobab.
Describe the life form of baobab.
Describe the life form of dead-rat tree.
Describe the life form of bottle tree.
Describe the life form of monkey-bread tree.
Describe the life form of kremetart.
Describe the life form of mowana.
Describe the life form of moana.
Describe the life form of toeega.
Describe the life form of Affenbrotbaum.
Describe the life form of seboi.
Describe the life form of ximuwu.
Describe the life form of muvhuyu.
Describe the life form of baobab.
Describe the life form of monkey bread tree.
Describe the life form of fony.
Describe the life form of bael.
Describe the life form of bel fruit.
Describe the life form of bel tree.
Describe the life form of bel Indien.
Describe the life form of maja.
Describe the life form of maja batu.
Describe the life form of bilak.
Describe the life form of bila.
Describe the life form of opesheet.
Describe the life form of okshit.
Describe the life form of bnau.
Describe the life form of toum.
Describe the life form of matum.
Describe the life form of tum.
Describe the life form of ma pin.
Describe the life form of tnái mam.
Describe the life form of horse-chestnut.
Describe the life form of horse chestnut.
Describe the life form of conkers.
Describe the life form of ippocastano.
Describe the life form of marron d'Inde.
Describe the life form of marronnier d'Inde.
Describe the life form of castanheiro da India.
Describe the life form of castaña de Indias.
Describe the life form of Rosskastanie.
Describe the life form of Roß-Kastanie.
Describe the life form of Hippocastani semen.
Describe the life form of Hippocastani cortex.
Describe the life form of Hippocastani folium.
Describe the life form of Hippocastani flos.
Describe the life form of Guinea grains.
Describe the life form of grains of Paradise.
Describe the life form of alligator pepper.
Describe the life form of melagueta pepper.
Describe the life form of malagueta.
Describe the life form of semente do Paraiso.
Describe the life form of mahogany bean.
Describe the life form of mubapi.
Describe the life form of chanfuta.
Describe the life form of chamfuti.
Describe the life form of pod mahogany.
Describe the life form of lucky bean tree.
Describe the life form of afzelia.
Describe the life form of peulmahonie.
Describe the life form of iNkehli.
Describe the life form of umDlavusa.
Describe the life form of umHlakuva.
Describe the life form of iNkele.
Describe the life form of umShamfuthi.
Describe the life form of mhkholikholi.
Describe the life form of umKholikholi.
Describe the life form of mkumbakusi.
Describe the life form of nxenhe.
Describe the life form of mutokota.
Describe the life form of Mbamba-Kofi.
Describe the life form of couch grass.
Describe the life form of quark grass.
Describe the life form of Graminis rhizoma.
Describe the life form of lady's mantle.
Describe the life form of garlic mustard.
Describe the life form of jack by the hedge.
Describe the life form of onion.
Describe the life form of cong.
Describe the life form of rakkyo.
Describe the life form of perennial Chinese onio.
Describe the life form of tsyu-tsai.
Describe the life form of chiao t'ou.
Describe the life form of alho chines.
Describe the life form of galangal.
Describe the life form of Java galangal.
Describe the life form of kholanjan.
Describe the life form of katauk karohini.
Describe the life form of kha.
Describe the life form of kha luang.
Describe the life form of kha ta daeng.
Describe the life form of kha yuak.
Describe the life form of kalijan.
Describe the life form of khulanjan.
Describe the life form of lenguas.
Describe the life form of hâu khá.
Describe the life form of rièng.
Describe the life form of rièng ãm.
Describe the life form of rièng nép.
Describe the life form of seh ae khoei.
Describe the life form of sa-e choei.
Describe the life form of smooth pigweed.
Describe the life form of slender amaranth.
Describe the life form of quintonil (Mex).
Describe the life form of umfino.
Describe the life form of gewone misbridie.
Describe the life form of xian.
Describe the life form of phak khom.
Describe the life form of bayam.
Describe the life form of tete (Nir).
Describe the life form of urai (Phil).
Describe the life form of prince's feather.
Describe the life form of saskatoon.
Describe the life form of saskatoon serviceberry.
Describe the life form of juneberry.
Describe the life form of mountain juneberry.
Describe the life form of Rocky Mountain blueberry.
Describe the life form of sgan gam (Gitxsan).
Describe the life form of hlighag' (Wet'suwet').
Describe the life form of angelica.
Describe the life form of garden angelica.
Describe the life form of archangel.
Describe the life form of aunt Jericho.
Describe the life form of plante angelique.
Describe the life form of Angelikapflanze.
Describe the life form of European angelica.
Describe the life form of arcangelica.
Describe the life form of raiz do Espirito Santo.
Describe the life form of Angelicae radix.
Describe the life form of Angelicae folium.
Describe the life form of Angelicae fructus.
Describe the life form of Aetheroleum angelicae.
Describe the life form of wild angelica.
Describe the life form of woodland angelica.
Describe the life form of angelica silvestre.
Describe the life form of angelica brava.
Describe the life form of mountain soursop.
Describe the life form of wild soursop.
Describe the life form of guanábana cimarrona.
Describe the life form of guanábana.
Describe the life form of guanábana de monte.
Describe the life form of guanábana de perro.
Describe the life form of guanábana de loma.
Describe the life form of taragus.
Describe the life form of turagua.
Describe the life form of araticum.
Describe the life form of araticum açú.
Describe the life form of araticum apé.
Describe the life form of corossolier bâtard.
Describe the life form of corossol zombie.
Describe the life form of boszuurzak.
Describe the life form of araticum-ponhe.
Describe the life form of araticum de paca.
Describe the life form of poshte.
Describe the life form of chirimoya.
Describe the life form of anona del monte.
Describe the life form of cawesh.
Describe the life form of cahuex.
Describe the life form of wild custard apple.
Describe the life form of wild soursop.
Describe the life form of annone.
Describe the life form of pomme cannelle du senegal.
Describe the life form of jumbukungo.
Describe the life form of sinkungo.
Describe the life form of mchekwa.
Describe the life form of mkonokono.
Describe the life form of mtomoko.
Describe the life form of mutopetope.
Describe the life form of wilde suikerappel.
Describe the life form of apios.
Describe the life form of groundnut.
Describe the life form of wild bean.
Describe the life form of bog potato.
Describe the life form of wild potato.
Describe the life form of Virginia potato.
Describe the life form of Indian potato.
Describe the life form of potato bean.
Describe the life form of celeriac.
Describe the life form of turnip rooted celery.
Describe the life form of knob celery.
Describe the life form of céleri-rave.
Describe the life form of knolselder.
Describe the life form of wurzelsellerie.
Describe the life form of knollensellerie.
Describe the life form of knolselderij.
Describe the life form of bleekselder.
Describe the life form of maní forrajero.
Describe the life form of strawberry tree.
Describe the life form of arbute tree.
Describe the life form of arbutus.
Describe the life form of Irish strawberry.
Describe the life form of apple of Cain.
Describe the life form of Irish caithne.
Describe the life form of arbousier.
Describe the life form of albatro.
Describe the life form of medronheiro.
Describe the life form of ervedeiro.
Describe the life form of medronho.
Describe the life form of ervodo.
Describe the life form of arbuto.
Describe the life form of madrono.
Describe the life form of suglair.
Describe the life form of great burdock.
Describe the life form of burdock.
Describe the life form of Japanese godo.
Describe the life form of Bardanae radix.
Describe the life form of Bardanae folium.
Describe the life form of sugar palm.
Describe the life form of black sugar palm.
Describe the life form of palm de sucre.
Describe the life form of gemuti palm.
Describe the life form of argan.
Describe the life form of arga.
Describe the life form of argaria.
Describe the life form of arganier.
Describe the life form of arjardin.
Describe the life form of iron wood.
Describe the life form of Moroccon iron-wood tree.
Describe the life form of Eisenholzbaum.
Describe the life form of horseradish.
Describe the life form of horse radish.
Describe the life form of red cole.
Describe the life form of rabano picante.
Describe the life form of meerrettich.
Describe the life form of raifort.
Describe the life form of pepparrot.
Describe the life form of pepper rod.
Describe the life form of mierikwortel.
Describe the life form of rafano.
Describe the life form of rabano-picante.
Describe the life form of khren.
Describe the life form of wasabi.
Describe the life form of lagen.
Describe the life form of fujl har.
Describe the life form of arracacha.
Describe the life form of white carrot.
Describe the life form of Peruvian parsnip.
Describe the life form of paneme.
Describe the life form of pomme de terre-celeri.
Describe the life form of racacha.
Describe the life form of zanhoria blanca.
Describe the life form of apio criollo.
Describe the life form of sonarca.
Describe the life form of batata barao.
Describe the life form of mandioquinha.
Describe the life form of batata salsa.
Describe the life form of batata cenoura.
Describe the life form of lakachu.
Describe the life form of lekachu.
Describe the life form of oqqe.
Describe the life form of huiasampilla.
Describe the life form of laqachu.
Describe the life form of raqacha.
Describe the life form of virraca.
Describe the life form of rikacha.
Describe the life form of breadfruit.
Describe the life form of arbre à pain.
Describe the life form of fruit a pain.
Describe the life form of chataignier.
Describe the life form of fruta de pan.
Describe the life form of arbor de pan.
Describe the life form of arbor del pan.
Describe the life form of pan de pobre.
Describe the life form of pan de ano.
Describe the life form of pan de todo el ano.
Describe the life form of pan de palo.
Describe the life form of pan de name.
Describe the life form of topan.
Describe the life form of tupan.
Describe the life form of mazapan.
Describe the life form of castana.
Describe the life form of marure.
Describe the life form of castano de Malabar.
Describe the life form of panapen.
Describe the life form of pana de pepitas.
Describe the life form of sukun.
Describe the life form of kelur.
Describe the life form of timbul.
Describe the life form of fruta pao.
Describe the life form of pao de massa.
Describe the life form of broodvrucht.
Describe the life form of broodboom.
Describe the life form of suku.
Describe the life form of kulur.
Describe the life form of kelor.
Describe the life form of kulor.
Describe the life form of sa-ke.
Describe the life form of ulu.
Describe the life form of kula.
Describe the life form of uto.
Describe the life form of uto-sore.
Describe the life form of kapiak.
Describe the life form of rimas.
Describe the life form of kamansi.
Describe the life form of sakéé.
Describe the life form of khnaôr sâmloo.
Describe the life form of khanun-sampalor.
Describe the life form of sakê.
Describe the life form of chempedak.
Describe the life form of campedak.
Describe the life form of jak.
Describe the life form of baroh.
Describe the life form of bankong.
Describe the life form of sonekadat.
Describe the life form of champada.
Describe the life form of adquiere.
Describe the life form of awarra.
Describe the life form of fiber palm.
Describe the life form of tucum.
Describe the life form of tucuma.
Describe the life form of hericungo.
Describe the life form of cumare.
Describe the life form of güere.
Describe the life form of acuarra.
Describe the life form of chambira.
Describe the life form of cumari.
Describe the life form of tucumai.
Describe the life form of tucum bravo.
Describe the life form of tucumã do Pará.
Describe the life form of palmier tucuman.
Describe the life form of aouara.
Describe the life form of cohune palm.
Describe the life form of rain tree.
Describe the life form of American oil palm.
Describe the life form of cohune.
Describe the life form of corozo.
Describe the life form of manaca.
Describe the life form of Algerian oat.
Describe the life form of red oat.
Describe the life form of Mediterranean oat.
Describe the life form of avena amarilla.
Describe the life form of mangrove.
Describe the life form of mangrove.
Describe the life form of grey mangrove.
Describe the life form of snotappel.
Describe the life form of African chewing gum.
Describe the life form of snot apple.
Describe the life form of rambai.
Describe the life form of menteng.
Describe the life form of lutqua.
Describe the life form of desert date.
Describe the life form of bito tree.
Describe the life form of heglig.
Describe the life form of balanita.
Describe the life form of lolab tree.
Describe the life form of loba.
Describe the life form of shashoba.
Describe the life form of tau.
Describe the life form of saronga.
Describe the life form of q-og-g-ogat.
Describe the life form of hankalta (Konsogna).
Describe the life form of baddanno (Oromiffaa).
Describe the life form of badana (Amargna).
Describe the life form of guasa (Amargna).
Describe the life form of kullan.
Describe the life form of archnu (Lybia).
Describe the life form of merwa tree.
Describe the life form of thorny bamboo.
Describe the life form of spiny bamboo.
Describe the life form of male bamboo.
Describe the life form of bambu' estreito.
Describe the life form of bamboo.
Describe the life form of spiny bamboo.
Describe the life form of thorny bamboo.
Describe the life form of slough grass.
Describe the life form of American slough grass.
Describe the life form of American sloughgrass.
Describe the life form of daisy.
Describe the life form of English daisy.
Describe the life form of true daisy.
Describe the life form of lawn daisy.
Describe the life form of gowan.
Describe the life form of marguerite.
Describe the life form of gänseblümchen.
Describe the life form of bellis.
Describe the life form of pytter.
Describe the life form of tusenfryd.
Describe the life form of tusindfryd.
Describe the life form of kaunokainen.
Describe the life form of bonina.
Describe the life form of malmequer.
Describe the life form of margarida dos prados.
Describe the life form of margarida rasteira.
Describe the life form of margaridinha.
Describe the life form of bela margarida.
Describe the life form of mae de familia.
Describe the life form of margarita.
Describe the life form of barberry.
Describe the life form of European barberry.
Describe the life form of common barberry.
Describe the life form of jaundice berry.
Describe the life form of piprage.
Describe the life form of uva-espim.
Describe the life form of berberis.
Describe the life form of surtorn.
Describe the life form of vanlig berberis.
Describe the life form of berberiss.
Describe the life form of almindelig berberis.
Describe the life form of ruostehappomarja.
Describe the life form of gewöhnliche Berberitze.
Describe the life form of Berberidis fructus.
Describe the life form of Brazil nut.
Describe the life form of para nut.
Describe the life form of noyer du Brésil.
Describe the life form of la noix du Brésil.
Describe the life form of el coquito del Brasil.
Describe the life form of castanha do Para.
Describe the life form of castanha do Brasil.
Describe the life form of castanheiro do para.
Describe the life form of die paranüsse.
Describe the life form of la noce del Brasile.
Describe the life form of white birch.
Describe the life form of bouleau.
Describe the life form of betulla.
Describe the life form of abedul.
Describe the life form of silver birch.
Describe the life form of warty birch.
Describe the life form of weeping birch.
Describe the life form of Irish beith.
Describe the life form of beith.
Describe the life form of European white birch.
Describe the life form of European silver birch.
Describe the life form of Birke.
Describe the life form of Hängebirke.
Describe the life form of Harzbirke.
Describe the life form of Rauhbirke.
Describe the life form of Sandbirke.
Describe the life form of Weissbirke.
Describe the life form of betula.
Describe the life form of betula branca.
Describe the life form of vidoeiro.
Describe the life form of vidoeiro branco.
Describe the life form of Folia Betulae.
Describe the life form of Cortex Betulae.
Describe the life form of Betulae Cortex.
Describe the life form of downy birch.
Describe the life form of Irish beith.
Describe the life form of brown birch.
Describe the life form of bedulo.
Describe the life form of Cortex Betulae.
Describe the life form of borage.
Describe the life form of borag.
Describe the life form of stofférblomma.
Describe the life form of agurkurt.
Describe the life form of hjulkrone.
Describe the life form of purasruoho.
Describe the life form of borretsch.
Describe the life form of Boraginis semen.
Describe the life form of Boraginis herba.
Describe the life form of Oleum Boraginis.
Describe the life form of palmyra palm.
Describe the life form of toddy palm.
Describe the life form of African fan palm.
Describe the life form of palmira.
Describe the life form of tal.
Describe the life form of tar.
Describe the life form of tad.
Describe the life form of tamar.
Describe the life form of tadi.
Describe the life form of panam.
Describe the life form of panai.
Describe the life form of tan.
Describe the life form of Borojó.
Describe the life form of browntop millet.
Describe the life form of Abyssinian mustard.
Describe the life form of Ethiopian mustard.
Describe the life form of gomenzer.
Describe the life form of Sukuma wiki (Kiswahili).
Describe the life form of Figiri (East Africa).
Describe the life form of Loshuu (Tanzania).
Describe the life form of Abyssinian cabbage (former USSR).
Describe the life form of Tamu-Texsel (Texas).
Describe the life form of Ethiopian rapeseed (Europe.
Describe the life form of trade mark name).
Describe the life form of swede.
Describe the life form of rutubaga.
Describe the life form of thousand head kale.
Describe the life form of thousand-head kale.
Describe the life form of marrowstem kale.
Describe the life form of marrow-stem kale.
Describe the life form of smooth kale.
Describe the life form of curly kale.
Describe the life form of tree kale.
Describe the life form of ornamental cabbage.
Describe the life form of fringed cabbage.
Describe the life form of kale.
Describe the life form of chou moulier.
Describe the life form of Sukuma wiki.
Describe the life form of spumaweki.
Describe the life form of Pak Choi.
Describe the life form of mitserie.
Describe the life form of bridelia.
Describe the life form of ogaofia.
Describe the life form of mkarati.
Describe the life form of mtutu.
Describe the life form of mwiza.
Describe the life form of asha.
Describe the life form of ida odan.
Describe the life form of flowering rush.
Describe the life form of grassy rush.
Describe the life form of water gladiolus.
Describe the life form of junco florido.
Describe the life form of butomo.
Describe the life form of brudelys.
Describe the life form of sarjarimpi.
Describe the life form of schwanenblume.
Describe the life form of box.
Describe the life form of boxwood.
Describe the life form of American box.
Describe the life form of English boxwood.
Describe the life form of Turkish boxwood.
Describe the life form of buis.
Describe the life form of bosso.
Describe the life form of buxo.
Describe the life form of buxo vulgar.
Describe the life form of boj.
Describe the life form of Guinea arrowroot.
Describe the life form of sweet corn root.
Describe the life form of touple nambours.
Describe the life form of alléluia.
Describe the life form of curcuma d'Amérique.
Describe the life form of dale dale.
Describe the life form of agua bendita.
Describe the life form of cocurito.
Describe the life form of lerenes.
Describe the life form of topitambo.
Describe the life form of tambu.
Describe the life form of topinambur.
Describe the life form of topeetampo.
Describe the life form of topi-tamboo.
Describe the life form of topinambour.
Describe the life form of ariá.
Describe the life form of láirem.
Describe the life form of marsh marigold.
Describe the life form of king cup.
Describe the life form of kabbeleka.
Describe the life form of kalvleka.
Describe the life form of vanlig kabbleka.
Describe the life form of soleihov.
Describe the life form of eng-kabbeleje.
Describe the life form of rentukka.
Describe the life form of hófsóley.
Describe the life form of sumpfdotterblume.
Describe the life form of pilinut.
Describe the life form of pili.
Describe the life form of Injet (Amargna).
Describe the life form of Maluza (Amargna).
Describe the life form of Yomonoxe (Amargna).
Describe the life form of caper.
Describe the life form of caper bush.
Describe the life form of caper berry.
Describe the life form of câpres.
Describe the life form of fabagelle.
Describe the life form of tapana.
Describe the life form of câprier commun.
Describe the life form of câprier épineux.
Describe the life form of câprier.
Describe the life form of alcaparra.
Describe the life form of caparra.
Describe the life form of alcaparrón.
Describe the life form of akbaar.
Describe the life form of kabbar.
Describe the life form of achalfah.
Describe the life form of assaf.
Describe the life form of asef.
Describe the life form of ward al jabal.
Describe the life form of shafallah.
Describe the life form of lasaf.
Describe the life form of terloulout.
Describe the life form of taybult.
Describe the life form of amserlih.
Describe the life form of tsailih.
Describe the life form of tsailaoul.
Describe the life form of ouai lonlou.
Describe the life form of belachem.
Describe the life form of lussef.
Describe the life form of alcaparras.
Describe the life form of cappero.
Describe the life form of cappero dei muri.
Describe the life form of cappero spinoso.
Describe the life form of capperone.
Describe the life form of Kapernstrauch.
Describe the life form of Kaper.
Describe the life form of echter Kapernstrauch.
Describe the life form of kappara.
Describe the life form of kappers.
Describe the life form of kappertjes.
Describe the life form of kapricserje.
Describe the life form of kaporna.
Describe the life form of kapribogyó.
Describe the life form of kebere.
Describe the life form of keber fidani.
Describe the life form of gebere.
Describe the life form of gebre otu.
Describe the life form of kapari.
Describe the life form of kapris.
Describe the life form of káppari.
Describe the life form of kapers.
Describe the life form of kapersy.
Describe the life form of torkav.
Describe the life form of kappar.
Describe the life form of kaporo.
Describe the life form of tzalaf.
Describe the life form of kiari.
Describe the life form of kobra.
Describe the life form of kabra.
Describe the life form of mullukattari.
Describe the life form of melada.
Describe the life form of kabarra.
Describe the life form of himsra.
Describe the life form of kokilakshmu.
Describe the life form of kabar.
Describe the life form of mruko.
Describe the life form of mchezo.
Describe the life form of gomor.
Describe the life form of gemaro.
Describe the life form of andal.
Describe the life form of wollerige kapperbos.
Describe the life form of woolly caper-bush.
Describe the life form of khawa.
Describe the life form of mountain papaw.
Describe the life form of mountain papaya.
Describe the life form of papayuela.
Describe the life form of chilhuacán.
Describe the life form of chiglacón.
Describe the life form of chamburu.
Describe the life form of huanarpu.
Describe the life form of hembra.
Describe the life form of papaya de monte.
Describe the life form of papaya arequipeña.
Describe the life form of papaya de altura.
Describe the life form of gedang memedi.
Describe the life form of huanarpu hembra.
Describe the life form of papata de monte.
Describe the life form of malva moscada.
Describe the life form of malva moscata.
Describe the life form of sapodilla.
Describe the life form of sapodilla plum.
Describe the life form of chicozapote.
Describe the life form of chiku.
Describe the life form of naseberry.
Describe the life form of umThungulu.
Describe the life form of caraway.
Describe the life form of caraway seed.
Describe the life form of cumin.
Describe the life form of carvi.
Describe the life form of Kümmel.
Describe the life form of alcaravea.
Describe the life form of kummin.
Describe the life form of karauya.
Describe the life form of karwij.
Describe the life form of alcaravia.
Describe the life form of tmin.
Describe the life form of yuan-sui.
Describe the life form of karve.
Describe the life form of kommen.
Describe the life form of kumina.
Describe the life form of kúmen.
Describe the life form of Wiesenkümmel.
Describe the life form of Carvi fructus.
Describe the life form of Aetheroleum carvi.
Describe the life form of barinas nut.
Describe the life form of inchi.
Describe the life form of Japanese chestnut.
Describe the life form of chataignier du Japon.
Describe the life form of castanheiro do Japao.
Describe the life form of American chestnut.
Describe the life form of prickly bur.
Describe the life form of chataignier de l'Amerique.
Describe the life form of castanheiro da America.
Describe the life form of Chinese chestnut.
Describe the life form of chataignier de Chine.
Describe the life form of castanheiro da China.
Describe the life form of chinquapin.
Describe the life form of dwarf chestnut.
Describe the life form of Alleghany chestnut.
Describe the life form of castanheiro anao.
Describe the life form of bachelor's-button.
Describe the life form of garden cornflower.
Describe the life form of blue bottle.
Describe the life form of bottle flower.
Describe the life form of cyani flower.
Describe the life form of cornflower.
Describe the life form of ragged sailor.
Describe the life form of fiordaliso.
Describe the life form of bleuet.
Describe the life form of bluet.
Describe the life form of barbeau.
Describe the life form of kornblume.
Describe the life form of kornblom.
Describe the life form of kornblomst.
Describe the life form of ruiskaunokki.
Describe the life form of akurpr‡›i.
Describe the life form of loios.
Describe the life form of loios dos jardins.
Describe the life form of escovinha.
Describe the life form of erva escovinha.
Describe the life form of fidalguinhos.
Describe the life form of aciano.
Describe the life form of blåklint.
Describe the life form of ipecac.
Describe the life form of carob tree.
Describe the life form of carob bean tree.
Describe the life form of carrubo.
Describe the life form of Johannisbrotbaum.
Describe the life form of Johannesbrotwachs.
Describe the life form of carrubio.
Describe the life form of algarrobo.
Describe the life form of alfarrobeira.
Describe the life form of Johannesbroodboom.
Describe the life form of mangrove.
Describe the life form of pacaya palm.
Describe the life form of tepejilote palm.
Describe the life form of palmito dulce.
Describe the life form of pacaya.
Describe the life form of caña verde.
Describe the life form of goosefoot.
Describe the life form of misbredie.
Describe the life form of withondebossie.
Describe the life form of goosefoot.
Describe the life form of good King Henry.
Describe the life form of lungrot.
Describe the life form of lungmålla.
Describe the life form of stolt Henrik.
Describe the life form of stolthenriks-gåsefod.
Describe the life form of hyvänheikinsavikka.
Describe the life form of guter Heinrich.
Describe the life form of canihua.
Describe the life form of qaniwa.
Describe the life form of canahua.
Describe the life form of amole.
Describe the life form of soap plant.
Describe the life form of soap bulb.
Describe the life form of soap apple.
Describe the life form of California soap root.
Describe the life form of ox eye daisy.
Describe the life form of marguerite.
Describe the life form of prästkrage.
Describe the life form of kragblomma.
Describe the life form of vanlig prästkrage.
Describe the life form of prestekrage.
Describe the life form of hvid okseøje.
Describe the life form of päivänkakkara.
Describe the life form of prestafífill.
Describe the life form of gewöhnliche wucherblume.
Describe the life form of Wiesen-Margerite.
Describe the life form of star apple.
Describe the life form of mululu.
Describe the life form of nkalate.
Describe the life form of calamondin.
Describe the life form of China orange.
Describe the life form of golden time.
Describe the life form of jeruk peres.
Describe the life form of jeruk kasturi.
Describe the life form of jeruk potong.
Describe the life form of limau kesturi.
Describe the life form of limau chuit.
Describe the life form of kalamondin.
Describe the life form of kalamansi.
Describe the life form of limonsito.
Describe the life form of sommapit.
Describe the life form of somchit.
Describe the life form of manao-wan.
Describe the life form of colocynth.
Describe the life form of vine of Sodom.
Describe the life form of wild-gourd.
Describe the life form of egusi.
Describe the life form of bitter cucumber.
Describe the life form of bitter gourd.
Describe the life form of bitter apple.
Describe the life form of wild watermelon.
Describe the life form of colocinto.
Describe the life form of coloquintida.
Describe the life form of pepino amargo.
Describe the life form of Koloquint.
Describe the life form of Tahiti lime.
Describe the life form of Persian lime.
Describe the life form of bearss lime.
Describe the life form of Persische Limette.
Describe the life form of Tahitilimette.
Describe the life form of lima da Persia.
Describe the life form of calamondin.
Describe the life form of calamansi.
Describe the life form of Panama orange.
Describe the life form of musk lime.
Describe the life form of lima moscada.
Describe the life form of limoeiro do Japao.
Describe the life form of Satsuma mandarin.
Describe the life form of wampee.
Describe the life form of vampi.
Describe the life form of wampi.
Describe the life form of wang-pei.
Describe the life form of huampit.
Describe the life form of wampoi.
Describe the life form of kantrop.
Describe the life form of sômz maf'ai.
Describe the life form of mafai-chin.
Describe the life form of sommafai.
Describe the life form of hoàng bì.
Describe the life form of giôi.
Describe the life form of chaya.
Describe the life form of tree spinach.
Describe the life form of chaya col.
Describe the life form of kikilchay.
Describe the life form of chaykeken.
Describe the life form of abata kola.
Describe the life form of evbe.
Describe the life form of ibong.
Describe the life form of oji-awusa.
Describe the life form of obi abata.
Describe the life form of mopane.
Describe the life form of bdellium.
Describe the life form of African myrrh.
Describe the life form of hairy corkwood.
Describe the life form of bdelio.
Describe the life form of angka.
Describe the life form of gafal.
Describe the life form of mbambara.
Describe the life form of mturituri.
Describe the life form of yeheb nut.
Describe the life form of ehb.
Describe the life form of qud.
Describe the life form of quda.
Describe the life form of wanza.
Describe the life form of mecarto.
Describe the life form of mederto.
Describe the life form of auchi.
Describe the life form of wodessa (Galinya).
Describe the life form of uaddichio.
Describe the life form of mokota (Wollamo).
Describe the life form of otayita (Konsogna).
Describe the life form of wanza (Amhargna).
Describe the life form of waddessa (Oromiffa).
Describe the life form of Canadian dwarf cornel.
Describe the life form of pudding-berry.
Describe the life form of bunchberry.
Describe the life form of bunchberry dogwood.
Describe the life form of dwarf dogwood.
Describe the life form of Canadian bunchberry.
Describe the life form of dogwood bunchberry.
Describe the life form of creeping dogwood.
Describe the life form of corniso anao do Canada'.
Describe the life form of cornelian cherry.
Describe the life form of cornel.
Describe the life form of corniolo.
Describe the life form of Kornelkirsche.
Describe the life form of Dirlitze.
Describe the life form of African walnut.
Describe the life form of sea kale.
Describe the life form of single-seed hawthorn.
Describe the life form of quickthorn.
Describe the life form of bread-and-cheese.
Describe the life form of aubepine.
Describe the life form of eingriffeliger Weißdorn.
Describe the life form of biancospino.
Describe the life form of trubbhagtorn.
Describe the life form of vanleg hagtorn.
Describe the life form of engriflet hvidtjørn.
Describe the life form of espinheiro alvar.
Describe the life form of pilriteiro.
Describe the life form of corniolo.
Describe the life form of escalheiro.
Describe the life form of tylppäliuskaorapihlaja.
Describe the life form of Crataegi summitas.
Describe the life form of Crataegi fructus.
Describe the life form of rock samphire.
Describe the life form of mitsuba.
Describe the life form of Japanese honeworts.
Describe the life form of Japanese parsley.
Describe the life form of gherkin.
Describe the life form of maxixe.
Describe the life form of fig leaf squash.
Describe the life form of Malabar gourd.
Describe the life form of cidre.
Describe the life form of sidra.
Describe the life form of lacoyote.
Describe the life form of cushaw.
Describe the life form of calabaza.
Describe the life form of calabaza pinta.
Describe the life form of fig-leaved gourd.
Describe the life form of buffalo gourd.
Describe the life form of calabazilla.
Describe the life form of Missouri gourd.
Describe the life form of stinking gourd.
Describe the life form of fetid gourd.
Describe the life form of wild gourd.
Describe the life form of squash.
Describe the life form of quince.
Describe the life form of cognassier.
Describe the life form of coing.
Describe the life form of quitte.
Describe the life form of quittebaum.
Describe the life form of marmeleiro.
Describe the life form of marmelo.
Describe the life form of marmelo galego.
Describe the life form of gamboa.
Describe the life form of gamboeiro.
Describe the life form of cidonia.
Describe the life form of membrillo.
Describe the life form of membriller.
Describe the life form of cardoon.
Describe the life form of artichoke thistle.
Describe the life form of wild artichoke.
Describe the life form of desert artichoke.
Describe the life form of Artischocke.
Describe the life form of namnam.
Describe the life form of namu-namu.
Describe the life form of kopi anjing.
Describe the life form of puki.
Describe the life form of puki anjing.
Describe the life form of amphawa.
Describe the life form of nang-ai.
Describe the life form of hima.
Describe the life form of tiger nut.
Describe the life form of Zulu nut.
Describe the life form of galingale.
Describe the life form of cyperus.
Describe the life form of English galingale.
Describe the life form of sweet cyperus.
Describe the life form of sweet galingale.
Describe the life form of souchet odorant.
Describe the life form of hohes Zypergras.
Describe the life form of langes Zypergras.
Describe the life form of fladaks.
Describe the life form of zigolo commune.
Describe the life form of African plum.
Describe the life form of bush butter tree.
Describe the life form of African palm.
Describe the life form of African pear.
Describe the life form of native pear.
Describe the life form of bush butter.
Describe the life form of bafole.
Describe the life form of bulungu.
Describe the life form of safoutier.
Describe the life form of mubafo.
Describe the life form of safu.
Describe the life form of safu de obo'.
Describe the life form of atangatier.
Describe the life form of male bamboo.
Describe the life form of Calcutta bamboo.
Describe the life form of bambu' macico.
Describe the life form of black velevet.
Describe the life form of velvet tamarind.
Describe the life form of tamarinier noir.
Describe the life form of kedebe.
Describe the life form of mako.
Describe the life form of meko.
Describe the life form of mekohi.
Describe the life form of icheku.
Describe the life form of kosito.
Describe the life form of solam.
Describe the life form of solom.
Describe the life form of awin.
Describe the life form of burning bush.
Describe the life form of fonio.
Describe the life form of white fonio.
Describe the life form of hungry rice.
Describe the life form of hungry millet.
Describe the life form of hungry koos.
Describe the life form of fundi millet.
Describe the life form of fonio du Sénégal.
Describe the life form of petit mil.
Describe the life form of fini.
Describe the life form of acha.
Describe the life form of cereals-fonio.
Describe the life form of findo.
Describe the life form of longan.
Describe the life form of longanie.
Describe the life form of oeil de dragon.
Describe the life form of len keng.
Describe the life form of kyet mouk.
Describe the life form of mien.
Describe the life form of lam nhai.
Describe the life form of nam nhai.
Describe the life form of lamyai pa.
Describe the life form of lahm-yai.
Describe the life form of nam:nhan.
Describe the life form of green longan.
Describe the life form of African bitter yam.
Describe the life form of three-leaved yam.
Describe the life form of quinim.
Describe the life form of unquinim.
Describe the life form of yam.
Describe the life form of inhame.
Describe the life form of cush-cush.
Describe the life form of yampee.
Describe the life form of Indian yam.
Describe the life form of cara' mimoso.
Describe the life form of cara' doce.
Describe the life form of nambu.
Describe the life form of African ebony.
Describe the life form of jackal-berry.
Describe the life form of West African ebony.
Describe the life form of abu seleba.
Describe the life form of gugham.
Describe the life form of jokhan.
Describe the life form of jughan.
Describe the life form of mgiriti.
Describe the life form of mjoho mpweke.
Describe the life form of kaki.
Describe the life form of karsatta (Konsogna).
Describe the life form of garsa (Afargna).
Describe the life form of domaye (Gamogna).
Describe the life form of garas.
Describe the life form of haras.
Describe the life form of geresa.
Describe the life form of Kei apple.
Describe the life form of Kaiyaba.
Describe the life form of viper's bugloss.
Describe the life form of gewöhnlicher natternkopf.
Describe the life form of blåeld.
Describe the life form of snokört.
Describe the life form of ormehuvud.
Describe the life form of slangehoved.
Describe the life form of neidonkieli.
Describe the life form of piennarneidonkieli.
Describe the life form of nö›rugin.
Describe the life form of water hyacinth.
Describe the life form of Nile lily.
Describe the life form of waterhiasint.
Describe the life form of finger millet.
Describe the life form of African millet.
Describe the life form of koracan.
Describe the life form of kurakkan.
Describe the life form of petit mil.
Describe the life form of eleusine cultivee.
Describe the life form of coracan.
Describe the life form of ragi.
Describe the life form of tailabon.
Describe the life form of vogel gierst.
Describe the life form of wimbi.
Describe the life form of ulezi.
Describe the life form of bule.
Describe the life form of Fingerhirse.
Describe the life form of dagussa.
Describe the life form of tokuso.
Describe the life form of tocusso.
Describe the life form of barankiya.
Describe the life form of mugimbi.
Describe the life form of ceyut.
Describe the life form of koddo.
Describe the life form of mawere (Malawi).
Describe the life form of lipoko (Malawi).
Describe the life form of usanje (Malawi).
Describe the life form of khakwe (Malawi).
Describe the life form of mulimbi (Malawi).
Describe the life form of lupodo (Malawi).
Describe the life form of malesi (Malawi).
Describe the life form of mawe (Malawi).
Describe the life form of mwimbi (Tanzania).
Describe the life form of mbege (Tanzania).
Describe the life form of bulo (Uganda).
Describe the life form of kambale (Zambia).
Describe the life form of lupoko (Zambia).
Describe the life form of mawele (Zambia).
Describe the life form of majolothi (Zambia).
Describe the life form of amale (Zambia).
Describe the life form of bule (Zambia).
Describe the life form of rapoko (Zimbabwe).
Describe the life form of zviyo (Zimbabwe).
Describe the life form of njera (Zimbabwe).
Describe the life form of rukweza (Zimbabwe).
Describe the life form of mazhovole (Zimbabwe).
Describe the life form of uphoko (Zimbabwe).
Describe the life form of Poho (Zimbabwe).
Describe the life form of enset.
Describe the life form of Abyssinian banana.
Describe the life form of rosebay willow herb.
Describe the life form of schmalblättriges weidenröschen.
Describe the life form of mjölke.
Describe the life form of mjölkört.
Describe the life form of praktduna.
Describe the life form of rävsvans.
Describe the life form of skogsbloss.
Describe the life form of geitrams.
Describe the life form of gederams.
Describe the life form of maitohorsma.
Describe the life form of sigurskúfur.
Describe the life form of horsetail.
Describe the life form of field horsetail.
Describe the life form of shavegrass.
Describe the life form of grande prêle.
Describe the life form of Zinnkraut.
Describe the life form of åkerfräken.
Describe the life form of åkersnelle.
Describe the life form of ager-padderokke.
Describe the life form of peltokorte.
Describe the life form of klóelfting.
Describe the life form of Acker-Schachtelhalm.
Describe the life form of Equiseti herba.
Describe the life form of tef.
Describe the life form of tafi (Orom.).
Describe the life form of taf.
Describe the life form of teff.
Describe the life form of Williams lovegrass.
Describe the life form of chimanganga (Malawi).
Describe the life form of ndzungulu(Malawi).
Describe the life form of rocket.
Describe the life form of salad rocket.
Describe the life form of garden rocket.
Describe the life form of arugula.
Describe the life form of arrugula.
Describe the life form of roquette.
Describe the life form of true rocket.
Describe the life form of rocket salad.
Describe the life form of tira.
Describe the life form of white pepper.
Describe the life form of oruga.
Describe the life form of oruga común.
Describe the life form of eruca.
Describe the life form of roqueta común.
Describe the life form of ruqueta.
Describe the life form of bekarki.
Describe the life form of rúcula.
Describe the life form of fedorenta.
Describe the life form of pinchão.
Describe the life form of ruccetta.
Describe the life form of rucola.
Describe the life form of basul.
Describe the life form of balù.
Describe the life form of antipurutu.
Describe the life form of baluy.
Describe the life form of chachafruto.
Describe the life form of chafruto.
Describe the life form of sachafruto.
Describe the life form of sachapuruto.
Describe the life form of calù.
Describe the life form of frisol ca1ù.
Describe the life form of nopas.
Describe the life form of pajuro.
Describe the life form of sachaporoto.
Describe the life form of sacha purutu.
Describe the life form of Brazil eugenia.
Describe the life form of Brazilian cherry.
Describe the life form of grumix-aneira of Brazil.
Describe the life form of Bois de nèfle.
Describe the life form of cerisier du Brésil.
Describe the life form of jambosier du Brésil.
Describe the life form of grumichama.
Describe the life form of grumixama.
Describe the life form of grumixameira.
Describe the life form of arazá.
Describe the life form of araça-boi.
Describe the life form of Brazil cherry.
Describe the life form of Surinam cherry.
Describe the life form of pitanga.
Describe the life form of cerise de Cayenne.
Describe the life form of cerisescotes.
Describe the life form of cerise carrée.
Describe the life form of ceremai belanda.
Describe the life form of dewandaru.
Describe the life form of mayom-farang.
Describe the life form of palmiteiro.
Describe the life form of euterpe palm.
Describe the life form of assai palm.
Describe the life form of acai palm.
Describe the life form of cabbage palm.
Describe the life form of palmier pinot.
Describe the life form of asaí.
Describe the life form of palmiche de Rio Negro.
Describe the life form of manaca.
Describe the life form of palm of col.
Describe the life form of açaí.
Describe the life form of açaízeiro.
Describe the life form of açaí do Pará.
Describe the life form of açaí do Baixo Amazonas.
Describe the life form of açaí de touceira.
Describe the life form of juçara.
Describe the life form of juçara de touceira.
Describe the life form of palmito açai.
Describe the life form of India wheat.
Describe the life form of duck wheat.
Describe the life form of Tartarian buckwheat.
Describe the life form of Kangra buckwheat.
Describe the life form of Iceland buckwheat.
Describe the life form of fagopiro da Tartaria.
Describe the life form of American beech.
Describe the life form of ridge beech.
Describe the life form of red beeche.
Describe the life form of faia americana.
Describe the life form of winter thorn.
Describe the life form of apple ring thorn tree.
Describe the life form of apple ring acacia.
Describe the life form of ana tree.
Describe the life form of white thorn.
Describe the life form of without.
Describe the life form of anaboom.
Describe the life form of apiesdoring.
Describe the life form of mogabo.
Describe the life form of magohlo.
Describe the life form of umHlalankwazi.
Describe the life form of kad.
Describe the life form of Faidherbia.
Describe the life form of large-leaved rock fig.
Describe the life form of rock fig.
Describe the life form of grootblaarrotsvy.
Describe the life form of klipvy.
Describe the life form of inkokhokho.
Describe the life form of umbambematsheni.
Describe the life form of impayi.
Describe the life form of amphayi.
Describe the life form of nkuwamaribye.
Describe the life form of monokane.
Describe the life form of mphaya.
Describe the life form of mohawa.
Describe the life form of momelantsweng.
Describe the life form of tshikululu.
Describe the life form of Afrikaans rostvy.
Describe the life form of African rock fig.
Describe the life form of kawuri.
Describe the life form of pharaoh's fig.
Describe the life form of Egyptian fig.
Describe the life form of Egyptian sycamore.
Describe the life form of sycamore fig.
Describe the life form of sycomore fig.
Describe the life form of mulberry fig.
Describe the life form of daroo.
Describe the life form of mulemba.
Describe the life form of ulemba.
Describe the life form of Sykamorfeige.
Describe the life form of Hilteetaa (Konsogna).
Describe the life form of Abbo rubber tree.
Describe the life form of Abbo.
Describe the life form of Liberian rubber tree.
Describe the life form of obada.
Describe the life form of Dahomey rubber tree.
Describe the life form of Congo rubber tree.
Describe the life form of Ire' rubber tree.
Describe the life form of borracheira africana.
Describe the life form of dwarf kumquat.
Describe the life form of cumquate ana.
Describe the life form of Chilean strawberry.
Describe the life form of beach strawberry.
Describe the life form of frutilla.
Describe the life form of morangueiro do Chile.
Describe the life form of Virginia strawberry.
Describe the life form of scarlet strawberry.
Describe the life form of morangueiro da Virginia.
Describe the life form of cleavers.
Describe the life form of Spring cleavers.
Describe the life form of bedstraw.
Describe the life form of catchweed.
Describe the life form of scratchweed.
Describe the life form of mugweed.
Describe the life form of crosswort.
Describe the life form of pigtail.
Describe the life form of maywort.
Describe the life form of stickleback.
Describe the life form of sticky-willy.
Describe the life form of sweet hearts.
Describe the life form of goosegrass.
Describe the life form of snärjmåra.
Describe the life form of snärjgräs.
Describe the life form of klengjemaure.
Describe the life form of burre-snerre.
Describe the life form of kierumatara.
Describe the life form of klifurmara.
Describe the life form of Kletten-Labkraut.
Describe the life form of Klebkraut.
Describe the life form of amor de hortelao.
Describe the life form of lampaso.
Describe the life form of galhete.
Describe the life form of pega-pega.
Describe the life form of Galii aparinis herba.
Describe the life form of true bedstraw.
Describe the life form of lady's bedstraw.
Describe the life form of our lady's bedstraw.
Describe the life form of cheese rennet.
Describe the life form of yellow cleavers.
Describe the life form of yellow bedstraw.
Describe the life form of yellow spring bedstraw.
Describe the life form of fleaweed.
Describe the life form of curdwort.
Describe the life form of echtes Labkraut.
Describe the life form of gulmaure.
Describe the life form of gul snerre.
Describe the life form of keltamatara.
Describe the life form of gulma›ra.
Describe the life form of erva do coalho.
Describe the life form of erva coalheira.
Describe the life form of galiao.
Describe the life form of Galii veri herba.
Describe the life form of ghogar tree.
Describe the life form of karak tree.
Describe the life form of chinyok.
Describe the life form of jum tree.
Describe the life form of arvore de folha parida.
Describe the life form of Mandvi (Surat.
Describe the life form of Bombay).
Describe the life form of genipap.
Describe the life form of genip.
Describe the life form of genipapo.
Describe the life form of caruto.
Describe the life form of Jamaica bullace plum.
Describe the life form of jagua.
Describe the life form of marmalade-box.
Describe the life form of genipapeiro.
Describe the life form of genipapinho.
Describe the life form of jenipapeiro das Guianas.
Describe the life form of jenipapeiro.
Describe the life form of jenipa'.
Describe the life form of janipaba.
Describe the life form of dyer's-greenweed.
Describe the life form of green broom.
Describe the life form of base broom.
Describe the life form of kendal green.
Describe the life form of woas-waxen.
Describe the life form of piorno.
Describe the life form of piorno dos tintureiros.
Describe the life form of ground ivy.
Describe the life form of field balm.
Describe the life form of field thyme.
Describe the life form of tun hoof.
Describe the life form of alehoof.
Describe the life form of hay maids.
Describe the life form of gill-over-the-ground.
Describe the life form of crow victuals.
Describe the life form of Gundelrebe.
Describe the life form of krossknapp.
Describe the life form of korsknap.
Describe the life form of maahumala.
Describe the life form of hera terrestre.
Describe the life form of coroa da terra.
Describe the life form of Hederae terrestris herba.
Describe the life form of float grass.
Describe the life form of northern mannagrass.
Describe the life form of mannagrass.
Describe the life form of marsh bedstraw.
Describe the life form of floating sweet-grass.
Describe the life form of water mannagrass.
Describe the life form of floating manna grass.
Describe the life form of mannasøtgras.
Describe the life form of manna-sødgræs.
Describe the life form of ojasorsimo.
Describe the life form of fló›apuntur.
Describe the life form of flutender schwaden.
Describe the life form of phalsa.
Describe the life form of bariuan.
Describe the life form of pophlië.
Describe the life form of nhaab.
Describe the life form of malai.
Describe the life form of ya-khithut.
Describe the life form of po tao hai.
Describe the life form of cò-ke-à.
Describe the life form of niger.
Describe the life form of niger seed.
Describe the life form of guizotia oléifere.
Describe the life form of gingellikraut.
Describe the life form of nug.
Describe the life form of noug.
Describe the life form of neuk.
Describe the life form of sorguja.
Describe the life form of sarguza.
Describe the life form of alashi.
Describe the life form of verrinuvvulu.
Describe the life form of payellu.
Describe the life form of hechellu.
Describe the life form of karale.
Describe the life form of ramtil.
Describe the life form of gunnera.
Describe the life form of Chilean rhubarb.
Describe the life form of Chilean gunnera.
Describe the life form of Chilean 'ape'ape.
Describe the life form of pangue.
Describe the life form of nalca.
Describe the life form of raway.
Describe the life form of spider flower.
Describe the life form of cat's whiskers.
Describe the life form of african spiderflower.
Describe the life form of bastard mustard.
Describe the life form of mouzambe à fleurs blanches.
Describe the life form of cleome.
Describe the life form of gynandro.
Describe the life form of senfkapper.
Describe the life form of benzoinbaun.
Describe the life form of fieberstrauch.
Describe the life form of kattesnor.
Describe the life form of lubanga (B.
Describe the life form of Zm).
Describe the life form of ans saka.
Describe the life form of volatin (Cuba).
Describe the life form of acaya blanc (Martinique).
Describe the life form of white massombee (Puerto Rico).
Describe the life form of pe hua tsai.
Describe the life form of kurhur.
Describe the life form of baowan.
Describe the life form of maman.
Describe the life form of cinco-cinco (Philippines).
Describe the life form of phak sain.
Describe the life form of musambe (Angola).
Describe the life form of rothwe (Botswana).
Describe the life form of gorbwa (Cameroon).
Describe the life form of abu quarn.
Describe the life form of boekbeha.
Describe the life form of chinsaga (Kenya).
Describe the life form of brede caya (Malawi).
Describe the life form of lerotu (Mauritius).
Describe the life form of aija (Réunion).
Describe the life form of palmbossie (Somalia).
Describe the life form of tamaleika (South Africa).
Describe the life form of mgagani (Sudan).
Describe the life form of ejjoboyo (Tanzania).
Describe the life form of gasaya (Uganda).
Describe the life form of boanga (West Africa).
Describe the life form of suntha (Dem. Rep. of Congo).
Describe the life form of nyevhe (Zambia).
Describe the life form of nyeuhe (Zimbabwe).
Describe the life form of cow parsnip.
Describe the life form of Wiesenbärenklau.
Describe the life form of hogweed.
Describe the life form of common cow parsnip.
Describe the life form of berce.
Describe the life form of roselle.
Describe the life form of rozelle.
Describe the life form of sorrel.
Describe the life form of red sorrel.
Describe the life form of Jamaica sorrel.
Describe the life form of Indian sorrel.
Describe the life form of Guinea sorrel.
Describe the life form of sour-sour.
Describe the life form of Queensland jelly plant.
Describe the life form of jelly okra.
Describe the life form of lemon bush.
Describe the life form of Florida cranberry.
Describe the life form of oseille rouge.
Describe the life form of oseille de Guinée.
Describe the life form of quimbombó chino.
Describe the life form of sereni.
Describe the life form of rosa de Jamaica.
Describe the life form of flor de Jamaica.
Describe the life form of agrio de Guinea.
Describe the life form of quetmia ácida.
Describe the life form of viña.
Describe the life form of viñuela.
Describe the life form of vinagreira.
Describe the life form of azeda de Guiné.
Describe the life form of cururú azédo.
Describe the life form of quiabeiro azédo.
Describe the life form of zuring.
Describe the life form of karkadé.
Describe the life form of carcadé.
Describe the life form of sea buckthorn.
Describe the life form of Sanddorn.
Describe the life form of Hippophae fructus.
Describe the life form of Oleum hippophae.
Describe the life form of bulbous barley.
Describe the life form of hop.
Describe the life form of houblon.
Describe the life form of hopfen.
Describe the life form of luppolo.
Describe the life form of jatobá.
Describe the life form of dom (Sudan).
Describe the life form of dom palm.
Describe the life form of pacay.
Describe the life form of pacae.
Describe the life form of ice cream bean.
Describe the life form of pois sucre.
Describe the life form of pacay de Perù.
Describe the life form of guarna.
Describe the life form of guamo.
Describe the life form of guama.
Describe the life form of rabo de mico.
Describe the life form of pa'qay.
Describe the life form of paccai.
Describe the life form of pa'qaya.
Describe the life form of guaba.
Describe the life form of pan chock.
Describe the life form of river-koko.
Describe the life form of pois doux.
Describe the life form of pois doux à paille.
Describe the life form of pois sucrin.
Describe the life form of guaba nativa.
Describe the life form of guamà.
Describe the life form of guamá jina.
Describe the life form of guavo.
Describe the life form of inga.
Describe the life form of pwa dou.
Describe the life form of sikren.
Describe the life form of inga' verdadeiro.
Describe the life form of elecampane.
Describe the life form of yellow starwort.
Describe the life form of scabwort.
Describe the life form of horse elder.
Describe the life form of elf dock.
Describe the life form of horse-heal.
Describe the life form of enula-campana.
Describe the life form of inula.
Describe the life form of madorneira rasteira.
Describe the life form of yellow flag.
Describe the life form of yellow iris.
Describe the life form of water flag iris.
Describe the life form of yellow water flag.
Describe the life form of water skegs.
Describe the life form of sword flag.
Describe the life form of lirio amarelo dos campos.
Describe the life form of lirio amarelo dos pantanos.
Describe the life form of acoro bastardo.
Describe the life form of bush mango.
Describe the life form of African bush mango.
Describe the life form of wild mango.
Describe the life form of oba.
Describe the life form of ogbono.
Describe the life form of bataua.
Describe the life form of juniper.
Describe the life form of common juniper.
Describe the life form of horse savin.
Describe the life form of genevrier.
Describe the life form of genievre.
Describe the life form of Wacholder.
Describe the life form of ginepro comune.
Describe the life form of Baccae juniperi.
Describe the life form of Juniperi galbulus.
Describe the life form of Juniperi fructus.
Describe the life form of Aetheroleum juniperi.
Describe the life form of zimbro vulgar.
Describe the life form of zimbrao.
Describe the life form of genebreiro.
Describe the life form of Kersting's groundnut.
Describe the life form of groundnut - Kersting's.
Describe the life form of white dead-nettle.
Describe the life form of weisse Taubnessel.
Describe the life form of white nettle.
Describe the life form of Lamii albi flos.
Describe the life form of Lamii albi herba.
Describe the life form of grass pea.
Describe the life form of chickling pea.
Describe the life form of Indian vetch.
Describe the life form of chickling vetch.
Describe the life form of gesse blanche.
Describe the life form of gesette.
Describe the life form of chícaro común.
Describe the life form of almorta.
Describe the life form of alverjas.
Describe the life form of pisello bretonne.
Describe the life form of guaya.
Describe the life form of san lee dow.
Describe the life form of khesari.
Describe the life form of batura.
Describe the life form of gilban.
Describe the life form of matri.
Describe the life form of sebere.
Describe the life form of rough pea.
Describe the life form of lentil.
Describe the life form of red dhal.
Describe the life form of split pea.
Describe the life form of lentille.
Describe the life form of lenteja.
Describe the life form of lenticchia.
Describe the life form of adas.
Describe the life form of mercimek.
Describe the life form of messer.
Describe the life form of masser.
Describe the life form of heramame.
Describe the life form of shimfa.
Describe the life form of missr.
Describe the life form of linse.
Describe the life form of pepper grass.
Describe the life form of pepper weed.
Describe the life form of pepperweed.
Describe the life form of maca.
Describe the life form of maca-maca.
Describe the life form of Peruvian ginseng.
Describe the life form of maka.
Describe the life form of mace.
Describe the life form of maino.
Describe the life form of ayak chichira.
Describe the life form of ayuk willku.
Describe the life form of cress.
Describe the life form of garden cress.
Describe the life form of curled cress.
Describe the life form of pepper grass.
Describe the life form of fetto.
Describe the life form of shimfi (Galinya).
Describe the life form of kotto.
Describe the life form of shimfa.
Describe the life form of shimp (Kaffa).
Describe the life form of shufu (Aderic).
Describe the life form of lovage.
Describe the life form of livèche.
Describe the life form of Liebstöckel.
Describe the life form of Levistici rhizoma et radix.
Describe the life form of Levistici folium.
Describe the life form of Levistici herba.
Describe the life form of Levistici fructus.
Describe the life form of Aetheroleum levistici.
Describe the life form of common toadflax.
Describe the life form of yellow toadflax.
Describe the life form of white lupin.
Describe the life form of lupino blanco.
Describe the life form of yellow lupin.
Describe the life form of yellow lupine.
Describe the life form of golden lupine.
Describe the life form of lupin jaune.
Describe the life form of gelbe lupine.
Describe the life form of hansenklee.
Describe the life form of lupino giallo.
Describe the life form of tremoco amarelo.
Describe the life form of tremoco de flor amarela.
Describe the life form of lupino amarillo.
Describe the life form of altramuz amarillo.
Describe the life form of Andean lupin.
Describe the life form of South American lupin.
Describe the life form of sweet Bolivian lupine.
Describe the life form of pearl lupin.
Describe the life form of altramuz.
Describe the life form of chocho.
Describe the life form of lupino.
Describe the life form of raewi (Peru.
Describe the life form of Bolivia).
Describe the life form of tauri (Bolivia).
Describe the life form of chocho (Ecuador.
Describe the life form of Peru).
Describe the life form of chochito (Ecuador.
Describe the life form of Peru).
Describe the life form of cequela (Peru).
Describe the life form of chuchus (Bolivia).
Describe the life form of tarwi.
Describe the life form of tauri.
Describe the life form of musk mallow.
Describe the life form of malva almizclada.
Describe the life form of white mallow.
Describe the life form of muskuskaasjeskruid.
Describe the life form of moskus katost.
Describe the life form of bisam-malve.
Describe the life form of moschus-malve.
Describe the life form of myskmalva.
Describe the life form of moskuskattost.
Describe the life form of myskimalva.
Describe the life form of mauve musquée.
Describe the life form of slaz pizmowy.
Describe the life form of noon flower.
Describe the life form of eng-gedeskæg.
Describe the life form of geitskjegg.
Describe the life form of pukinparta.
Describe the life form of wiesen-bocksbart.
Describe the life form of cravo de seara.
Describe the life form of ängshaverrot.
Describe the life form of fenugreek.
Describe the life form of abacha.
Describe the life form of abakte.
Describe the life form of abish.
Describe the life form of beef apple.
Describe the life form of chicle.
Describe the life form of sapoti.
Describe the life form of sapotizeiro.
Describe the life form of sapotillier.
Describe the life form of sawo manila.
Describe the life form of ciku.
Describe the life form of sawo londo.
Describe the life form of chico.
Describe the life form of lomut.
Describe the life form of lamud.
Describe the life form of lamut.
Describe the life form of lamut-farang.
Describe the life form of xabôchê.
Describe the life form of hông xiêm.
Describe the life form of tâm lu'c.
Describe the life form of horehound.
Describe the life form of common horehound.
Describe the life form of white horehound.
Describe the life form of hoarhound.
Describe the life form of hound's-bane.
Describe the life form of marrube blanc.
Describe the life form of marrube commun.
Describe the life form of Andorn.
Describe the life form of Weisser Andorn.
Describe the life form of marrubio.
Describe the life form of marrubio branco.
Describe the life form of Marrubii herba.
Describe the life form of German chamomile.
Describe the life form of Hungarian camomile.
Describe the life form of matricaria.
Describe the life form of wild camomile.
Describe the life form of Kamille.
Describe the life form of Chamomillae flos.
Describe the life form of Chamomillae cribratum.
Describe the life form of Chamomillae herba.
Describe the life form of Aetheroleum chamomillae.
Describe the life form of buriti palm.
Describe the life form of mauriti palm.
Describe the life form of aguaje palm.
Describe the life form of babinda.
Describe the life form of palmier bâche.
Describe the life form of carandai-guazú (Bolivia).
Describe the life form of ideuí.
Describe the life form of canaguche.
Describe the life form of canangucho (Colombia.
Describe the life form of Ecuador).
Describe the life form of chomiya.
Describe the life form of burití.
Describe the life form of moriche (Colombia.
Describe the life form of Venezuela).
Describe the life form of morete (Ecuador).
Describe the life form of palma real (Bolivia).
Describe the life form of coqueiro anajá.
Describe the life form of inajazeiro.
Describe the life form of mirití.
Describe the life form of murití.
Describe the life form of palmeira dos brejos.
Describe the life form of ite palm (Guyana).
Describe the life form of aguaje (Colombia.
Describe the life form of Perú).
Describe the life form of morichal (Colombia).
Describe the life form of buriti-do-brejo.
Describe the life form of coqueiro-buriti.
Describe the life form of buritizeiro.
Describe the life form of mangrove.
Describe the life form of spearmint.
Describe the life form of menthe crepue.
Describe the life form of krauseminze.
Describe the life form of bogbean.
Describe the life form of medlar.
Describe the life form of bitter gourd.
Describe the life form of balsam pear.
Describe the life form of band carilla.
Describe the life form of costela de Adão.
Describe the life form of Adam‚s rib.
Describe the life form of fruit salad plant.
Describe the life form of Swiss cheese plant.
Describe the life form of ceriman.
Describe the life form of Mexican Breadfruit.
Describe the life form of Monstera.
Describe the life form of split-leaf Philodendron.
Describe the life form of breadfruit vine.
Describe the life form of hurricane plant.
Describe the life form of cut-leaf Philodendron.
Describe the life form of red mulberry.
Describe the life form of American mulberry.
Describe the life form of murier rouge.
Describe the life form of amoreira vermelha.
Describe the life form of buffalo bean.
Describe the life form of cow-itch.
Describe the life form of cowage velvet bean.
Describe the life form of cow itch.
Describe the life form of fogarate.
Describe the life form of gratey.
Describe the life form of hell fire bean.
Describe the life form of itchy bean.
Describe the life form of pica pica.
Describe the life form of pois velu.
Describe the life form of pois-gratter.
Describe the life form of velvet bean.
Describe the life form of mucuna ceniza.
Describe the life form of kavach.
Describe the life form of kaunch.
Describe the life form of alkushi.
Describe the life form of atmagupta.
Describe the life form of dulagondi.
Describe the life form of punaikkali.
Describe the life form of nasugunni.
Describe the life form of Juckbohne.
Describe the life form of jukboontje.
Describe the life form of tassel hyacinth.
Describe the life form of catnip.
Describe the life form of catmint.
Describe the life form of neveda dos gatos.
Describe the life form of erva dos gatos.
Describe the life form of nepeta.
Describe the life form of cataria.
Describe the life form of gataria.
Describe the life form of nebeda.
Describe the life form of hierba gatera.
Describe the life form of European yellow pond-lily.
Describe the life form of pond-lily.
Describe the life form of yellow pond-lily.
Describe the life form of spatterdock.
Describe the life form of cow lily.
Describe the life form of yellow cow lily.
Describe the life form of yellow pondlily.
Describe the life form of yellow water lily.
Describe the life form of brandy bottle.
Describe the life form of yellow water lily.
Describe the life form of yellow pond-lily.
Describe the life form of pond-lily.
Describe the life form of European yellow pond-lily.
Describe the life form of spatterdock lily.
Describe the life form of frog-lily.
Describe the life form of cow-lily.
Describe the life form of spatter dock.
Describe the life form of gul nykkerose.
Describe the life form of gul åkande.
Describe the life form of isoulpukka.
Describe the life form of gelbe teichrose.
Describe the life form of white water-lily.
Describe the life form of European white water-lily.
Describe the life form of American white water-lily.
Describe the life form of fragrant water-lily.
Describe the life form of sweet-scented white water-lily.
Describe the life form of water cabbage.
Describe the life form of pond-lily.
Describe the life form of golfao branco.
Describe the life form of flor de camal.
Describe the life form of camalassana.
Describe the life form of castalia.
Describe the life form of lirio de agua.
Describe the life form of murure.
Describe the life form of gigoga.
Describe the life form of erima.
Describe the life form of binuang.
Describe the life form of jejeba.
Describe the life form of cactus pear.
Describe the life form of prickly pear.
Describe the life form of fico d'india.
Describe the life form of turksvy.
Describe the life form of African rice.
Describe the life form of riz africain.
Describe the life form of riz de Casamance.
Describe the life form of arroz africano.
Describe the life form of arroz da Guine'.
Describe the life form of arroz de Guinea.
Describe the life form of proso millet.
Describe the life form of hog millet.
Describe the life form of common millet.
Describe the life form of millet proso.
Describe the life form of echte hirse.
Describe the life form of hirs.
Describe the life form of vipphirs.
Describe the life form of äkta hirs.
Describe the life form of hirse.
Describe the life form of almindelig hirse.
Describe the life form of hirssi.
Describe the life form of viljahirssi.
Describe the life form of vine mesquite grass.
Describe the life form of common poppy.
Describe the life form of Klatschmohn.
Describe the life form of poppy.
Describe the life form of opium poppy.
Describe the life form of white poppy.
Describe the life form of adormidera.
Describe the life form of pavot.
Describe the life form of Mohn.
Describe the life form of Schlafmohn.
Describe the life form of vallmo.
Describe the life form of opiums valmue.
Describe the life form of valmue.
Describe the life form of khashkhash.
Describe the life form of slaapbol.
Describe the life form of papavero.
Describe the life form of dormideira.
Describe the life form of mak.
Describe the life form of keshi.
Describe the life form of ying-shu.
Describe the life form of Papaveris caput maturis.
Describe the life form of Papaveris semen.
Describe the life form of Oleum papaveris.
Describe the life form of mehes.
Describe the life form of mobola-plum.
Describe the life form of cork tree.
Describe the life form of hissing tree.
Describe the life form of grysappel.
Describe the life form of bosappel.
Describe the life form of mmola.
Describe the life form of mbulwa.
Describe the life form of mobola.
Describe the life form of muvhula.
Describe the life form of amabulwa.
Describe the life form of African locust bean.
Describe the life form of locust bean.
Describe the life form of néré.
Describe the life form of arbre à farine.
Describe the life form of fern leaf.
Describe the life form of monkey cutlass tree.
Describe the life form of two ball nitta-tree.
Describe the life form of caroubier Africain.
Describe the life form of maypop.
Describe the life form of apricot vine.
Describe the life form of wild passion flower.
Describe the life form of flor da Paixao.
Describe the life form of guarana.
Describe the life form of kletterstrauch.
Describe the life form of guaranastruik.
Describe the life form of quarana.
Describe the life form of quarane.
Describe the life form of green arrow arum.
Describe the life form of pearl millett.
Describe the life form of bulrush millett.
Describe the life form of negrito millet.
Describe the life form of millet perle.
Describe the life form of petit millet.
Describe the life form of cumbu.
Describe the life form of bajra.
Describe the life form of bajri.
Describe the life form of babala.
Describe the life form of spiked millet.
Describe the life form of cat-tail millet.
Describe the life form of cattail millet.
Describe the life form of pijo perla.
Describe the life form of panizo Bajra.
Describe the life form of mil a chandella.
Describe the life form of mil penicillaire.
Describe the life form of dukn.
Describe the life form of reed canary-grass.
Describe the life form of baldingère.
Describe the life form of alpiste roseau.
Describe the life form of rohr glanzgras.
Describe the life form of rörflen.
Describe the life form of randgräs.
Describe the life form of strandrøyr.
Describe the life form of rørgræs.
Describe the life form of ruokohelpi.
Describe the life form of wild date palm.
Describe the life form of Senegal date.
Describe the life form of coffee palm.
Describe the life form of feather palm.
Describe the life form of toddy palm.
Describe the life form of wilde dadelboom.
Describe the life form of datelboom.
Describe the life form of mkindu.
Describe the life form of alol (Tana River).
Describe the life form of maydho.
Describe the life form of mukindu.
Describe the life form of muthuthi.
Describe the life form of othith.
Describe the life form of lilala.
Describe the life form of mutshema.
Describe the life form of mutshevho.
Describe the life form of iSundu.
Describe the life form of tsaro.
Describe the life form of omuvare.
Describe the life form of idama.
Describe the life form of akindu.
Describe the life form of mopalamo.
Describe the life form of Cape date palm.
Describe the life form of Zmbaba.
Describe the life form of Selien.
Describe the life form of Hosana.
Describe the life form of Ol-tukai.
Describe the life form of Schilf.
Describe the life form of amla.
Describe the life form of aonla.
Describe the life form of emblic.
Describe the life form of emblic myrobalan.
Describe the life form of malacca tree.
Describe the life form of Indian gooseberry.
Describe the life form of amlet.
Describe the life form of amalaki.
Describe the life form of aurna.
Describe the life form of karnataki.
Describe the life form of amalkam.
Describe the life form of nelli.
Describe the life form of adiphala.
Describe the life form of amalka.
Describe the life form of amrit.
Describe the life form of amritfala.
Describe the life form of dhatriphala.
Describe the life form of panchrasa.
Describe the life form of shreefal.
Describe the life form of shiva.
Describe the life form of vaystha.
Describe the life form of nellikai.
Describe the life form of amra.
Describe the life form of ray.
Describe the life form of sobju.
Describe the life form of amolphal.
Describe the life form of myrobalan.
Describe the life form of melaka.
Describe the life form of Asam melaka.
Describe the life form of amlaka.
Describe the life form of ma kham pom.
Describe the life form of mak kham pom.
Describe the life form of kam lam.
Describe the life form of kam lam ko.
Describe the life form of bong ngot.
Describe the life form of chu me.
Describe the life form of cape gooseberry.
Describe the life form of tomatillo.
Describe the life form of husk-tomato.
Describe the life form of jamberry.
Describe the life form of ground cherry.
Describe the life form of tomate de cascara.
Describe the life form of tomate de fresadilla.
Describe the life form of tomate milpero.
Describe the life form of tomate verde.
Describe the life form of miltomate.
Describe the life form of Asian poke weed.
Describe the life form of edible pokeweed.
Describe the life form of Indian poke.
Describe the life form of phytolacca.
Describe the life form of poke root.
Describe the life form of endod.
Describe the life form of shang lu.
Describe the life form of thuwowng lujc.
Describe the life form of kermesbeere.
Describe the life form of kermesbär.
Describe the life form of cancer root.
Describe the life form of coakum.
Describe the life form of garget.
Describe the life form of ink berry.
Describe the life form of pigeon berry.
Describe the life form of pigeonberry.
Describe the life form of pocan.
Describe the life form of poke root.
Describe the life form of poke salad.
Describe the life form of pokeberry.
Describe the life form of pokeweed.
Describe the life form of scoke.
Describe the life form of wild spinach.
Describe the life form of tintureira.
Describe the life form of erva dos cachos da India.
Describe the life form of caruru de pomba.
Describe the life form of gaia-moca.
Describe the life form of Ghilghoza pine.
Describe the life form of Nejan pine.
Describe the life form of Neoza pine.
Describe the life form of Italian stone pine.
Describe the life form of Roman pine.
Describe the life form of umbrella pine.
Describe the life form of pignon pine.
Describe the life form of pignolia.
Describe the life form of bull pine.
Describe the life form of stone pine.
Describe the life form of nut pine.
Describe the life form of pin pignon.
Describe the life form of pin parasol.
Describe the life form of pino domestico.
Describe the life form of pino marittimo.
Describe the life form of pinheiro manso.
Describe the life form of filfile zaf.
Describe the life form of koloita.
Describe the life form of coleus potato.
Describe the life form of Livingstone potato.
Describe the life form of wilde aartappel.
Describe the life form of shezha.
Describe the life form of tsenga.
Describe the life form of tensa.
Describe the life form of tsenza.
Describe the life form of mutada.
Describe the life form of matheta.
Describe the life form of makwele.
Describe the life form of tapole emahlo.
Describe the life form of tapole-ea-mahlo.
Describe the life form of itapile.
Describe the life form of ibonda.
Describe the life form of ugilo.
Describe the life form of potato - coleus.
Describe the life form of ulucanqu.
Describe the life form of uluhlaza.
Describe the life form of isiqwili.
Describe the life form of ushizane.
Describe the life form of umhlati.
Describe the life form of ulujilo.
Describe the life form of umbondive.
Describe the life form of imbondwe.
Describe the life form of ujwangu.
Describe the life form of ushizan.
Describe the life form of UJilo.
Describe the life form of UJikwe.
Describe the life form of UHlazaluti.
Describe the life form of IZambhane.
Describe the life form of weeping podocarpus.
Describe the life form of she-pine.
Describe the life form of brown pine.
Describe the life form of podocarpo de ramos pendentes.
Describe the life form of bistort.
Describe the life form of European bistort.
Describe the life form of meadow bistort.
Describe the life form of English serpentary.
Describe the life form of bistorta.
Describe the life form of leafcup.
Describe the life form of yacon.
Describe the life form of yacon strawberry.
Describe the life form of jiquima.
Describe the life form of yacuma.
Describe the life form of arboloco.
Describe the life form of poir de terre Cochet.
Describe the life form of lucuma.
Describe the life form of lucumo.
Describe the life form of lucma.
Describe the life form of rucma.
Describe the life form of mamón.
Describe the life form of sapote.
Describe the life form of mammee zapote.
Describe the life form of marmalade plum.
Describe the life form of zapote.
Describe the life form of mamey zapoteo.
Describe the life form of mamey colorado.
Describe the life form of zapota grande.
Describe the life form of sapota grande.
Describe the life form of unique'.
Describe the life form of grosse sapote.
Describe the life form of algarroba.
Describe the life form of vilayati babul.
Describe the life form of gean.
Describe the life form of heart cherry.
Describe the life form of sweet cherry.
Describe the life form of mazzard cherry.
Describe the life form of fugle kirsebær.
Describe the life form of cereja doce.
Describe the life form of cereja galega.
Describe the life form of Kirsche.
Describe the life form of Cerasorum stipites.
Describe the life form of capulin.
Describe the life form of capuli cherry.
Describe the life form of American cherry.
Describe the life form of capulin black cherry.
Describe the life form of capulin cherry.
Describe the life form of cerisier capulin.
Describe the life form of cereza.
Describe the life form of cereza común.
Describe the life form of guinda.
Describe the life form of capulí.
Describe the life form of cerezo.
Describe the life form of cereza criolla.
Describe the life form of cereza de los Andes.
Describe the life form of muji.
Describe the life form of detsé.
Describe the life form of detzé.
Describe the life form of taunday.
Describe the life form of jonote.
Describe the life form of puan.
Describe the life form of palman.
Describe the life form of xengua.
Describe the life form of murmuntu.
Describe the life form of ussum.
Describe the life form of kapollinkirsche.
Describe the life form of Mexican traubenkirsche.
Describe the life form of sour cherry.
Describe the life form of pie-cherry.
Describe the life form of cerisier commun.
Describe the life form of ginjeira da ginjas galegas.
Describe the life form of Japanese apricot.
Describe the life form of mume.
Describe the life form of alperceiro do Japao.
Describe the life form of Japanese plum.
Describe the life form of ameixeira do Japao.
Describe the life form of sloe.
Describe the life form of blackthorn.
Describe the life form of skeg.
Describe the life form of prunellier.
Describe the life form of Schlehdorn.
Describe the life form of slåen.
Describe the life form of abrunheiro bravo.
Describe the life form of espinheiro negro.
Describe the life form of endrino.
Describe the life form of Cortex acaciae nostratis.
Describe the life form of Pruni spinosae folium.
Describe the life form of Pruni spinosae flos.
Describe the life form of Pruni spinosae fructus.
Describe the life form of common lungwort.
Describe the life form of lungwort.
Describe the life form of spotted dog.
Describe the life form of blue lungwort.
Describe the life form of Joseph-and-Mary.
Describe the life form of lungeurt.
Describe the life form of erva dos bofes.
Describe the life form of pulmonaria.
Describe the life form of Lungenkraut.
Describe the life form of pulmonary.
Describe the life form of Pulmonariae folium.
Describe the life form of Pulmonairae herba.
Describe the life form of Chinese pear.
Describe the life form of Japanese pear.
Describe the life form of Asian pear.
Describe the life form of Oriental pear.
Describe the life form of sand pear.
Describe the life form of Japanese sand pear.
Describe the life form of pera chinesa.
Describe the life form of peral de las arenas.
Describe the life form of nashi.
Describe the life form of California live oak.
Describe the life form of Coast live oak.
Describe the life form of Encina.
Describe the life form of sobreiro da California.
Describe the life form of white oak.
Describe the life form of Quebec oak.
Describe the life form of stave oak.
Describe the life form of chene blanc.
Describe the life form of chene du Quebec.
Describe the life form of carvalho branco.
Describe the life form of oak.
Describe the life form of German oak.
Describe the life form of English oak.
Describe the life form of Robur oak.
Describe the life form of Austrian oak.
Describe the life form of pedunculate oak.
Describe the life form of truffle oak.
Describe the life form of Slavonian oak.
Describe the life form of chene.
Describe the life form of chene pedoncule'.
Describe the life form of Eiche.
Describe the life form of Deutsche Eiche.
Describe the life form of Stieleiche.
Describe the life form of Traubeneiche.
Describe the life form of Sommereiche.
Describe the life form of quercia.
Describe the life form of farnia.
Describe the life form of stilk eg.
Describe the life form of carvalho roble.
Describe the life form of carvalho comum.
Describe the life form of carvalho alvarinho.
Describe the life form of roble comun.
Describe the life form of Quercus cortex.
Describe the life form of Quercus folium.
Describe the life form of rat-tailed radish.
Describe the life form of dogwood.
Describe the life form of blinkblaar.
Describe the life form of Turkey rhubarb.
Describe the life form of Chinese rhubarb.
Describe the life form of black currant.
Describe the life form of schwarze Johannisbeere.
Describe the life form of Ribis nigri folium.
Describe the life form of Ribis nigri fructus.
Describe the life form of red current.
Describe the life form of ribs.
Describe the life form of rote Johannisbeere.
Describe the life form of Ribis rubri fructus.
Describe the life form of gooseberry.
Describe the life form of stikkelsbær.
Describe the life form of stachelbeere.
Describe the life form of African nut tree.
Describe the life form of African wood.
Describe the life form of African wood-oil nut tree.
Describe the life form of cork wood.
Describe the life form of muawa.
Describe the life form of erimado.
Describe the life form of munguella (Angola).
Describe the life form of esséssang (Cameroon).
Describe the life form of bofeko (Zaire).
Describe the life form of wama (Ghana).
Describe the life form of okhuen (Nigeria).
Describe the life form of kishongo (Uganda).
Describe the life form of mongongo nut.
Describe the life form of manketti nut.
Describe the life form of featherweight tree.
Describe the life form of mongongo.
Describe the life form of mungongo.
Describe the life form of mungongoma.
Describe the life form of mugonga.
Describe the life form of mangetti.
Describe the life form of ugongo (Kwangali).
Describe the life form of ngongo (Kwangali).
Describe the life form of wilde okkerneut.
Describe the life form of dog rose.
Describe the life form of dog brier.
Describe the life form of rose hip.
Describe the life form of wild rose.
Describe the life form of brier hip.
Describe the life form of bramble rose.
Describe the life form of cankerberry.
Describe the life form of canker.
Describe the life form of baies d'eglantier.
Describe the life form of Hagebutte.
Describe the life form of Hundsrose.
Describe the life form of rosa canina.
Describe the life form of hunderose.
Describe the life form of roseira canina.
Describe the life form of rosa de cao.
Describe the life form of silva-macha.
Describe the life form of rebenta-boi.
Describe the life form of Cynosbati fructus sine semine.
Describe the life form of Cynosbati fructus cum seminibus.
Describe the life form of Cynosbati semen.
Describe the life form of blackberry.
Describe the life form of scaldberry.
Describe the life form of bramble.
Describe the life form of ronce commune.
Describe the life form of brombeere.
Describe the life form of brombær.
Describe the life form of silva das amoras.
Describe the life form of amora silvestre.
Describe the life form of amora de silva.
Describe the life form of sarca.
Describe the life form of black raspberry.
Describe the life form of blackcap raspberry.
Describe the life form of framboise noire.
Describe the life form of frambuesa negra.
Describe the life form of framboeza preta.
Describe the life form of butcher's broom.
Describe the life form of knee holm.
Describe the life form of jew'-myrtle.
Describe the life form of pettigree.
Describe the life form of pettigrue.
Describe the life form of fragon piquant.
Describe the life form of pungitopo.
Describe the life form of mussetorn.
Describe the life form of gilbardeira.
Describe the life form of jabardeira.
Describe the life form of erva dos vasculhos.
Describe the life form of brusca.
Describe the life form of murta espinhosa.
Describe the life form of old-world arrowhead.
Describe the life form of arrowhead.
Describe the life form of kyor.
Describe the life form of Chinese arrowhead.
Describe the life form of sagitaria vulgar.
Describe the life form of gewöhnliches pfeilkraut.
Describe the life form of pilblad.
Describe the life form of pystykeiholehti.
Describe the life form of pilört.
Describe the life form of vanligt pilblad.
Describe the life form of samphire.
Describe the life form of glasswort.
Describe the life form of bladderwort.
Describe the life form of sea asparagus.
Describe the life form of saint-pierre.
Describe the life form of tooth brush tree.
Describe the life form of toothbrush tree.
Describe the life form of kikuel tree.
Describe the life form of mustard tree.
Describe the life form of salt bush.
Describe the life form of adai.
Describe the life form of salvadora.
Describe the life form of aarak.
Describe the life form of arrak.
Describe the life form of arraka.
Describe the life form of el rak.
Describe the life form of kabats.
Describe the life form of shau.
Describe the life form of siwak.
Describe the life form of arbre a cure-dents.
Describe the life form of arbre a frotte-dents.
Describe the life form of mswaki.
Describe the life form of dadaho.
Describe the life form of adz.
Describe the life form of imu-garreh.
Describe the life form of common elder.
Describe the life form of elderberry.
Describe the life form of American elder.
Describe the life form of sweet elder.
Describe the life form of elder blow.
Describe the life form of sabugueiro do Canada'.
Describe the life form of red-berried elder.
Describe the life form of European red elder.
Describe the life form of sabugueiro vermelho da Europa.
Describe the life form of great burnet.
Describe the life form of burnet-bloodwort.
Describe the life form of pimpinela hortense.
Describe the life form of sanguisorba.
Describe the life form of sandalwood.
Describe the life form of sanders wood.
Describe the life form of sandal tree.
Describe the life form of chandana.
Describe the life form of chandal.
Describe the life form of chandan.
Describe the life form of sandal.
Describe the life form of santagu.
Describe the life form of santhanam.
Describe the life form of srigandam.
Describe the life form of byakudan.
Describe the life form of Indian lac tree.
Describe the life form of kosum.
Describe the life form of kusuma.
Describe the life form of kesambi.
Describe the life form of common club-rush.
Describe the life form of bulrush.
Describe the life form of gewöhnliche teichsimse.
Describe the life form of sjøsevaks.
Describe the life form of sø-kogleaks.
Describe the life form of järvikaisla.
Describe the life form of votasef.
Describe the life form of säv.
Describe the life form of river bean.
Describe the life form of Mwethia.
Describe the life form of Muzimbandeya.
Describe the life form of foxtail millet.
Describe the life form of millet foxtail.
Describe the life form of hay millet.
Describe the life form of foxtail bristle-grass.
Describe the life form of boer millet.
Describe the life form of German millet.
Describe the life form of Italian millet.
Describe the life form of nunbank setaria.
Describe the life form of kolbenhirse.
Describe the life form of kolvhirs.
Describe the life form of äkta kolvhirs.
Describe the life form of stor busthirse.
Describe the life form of Italianpantaheinä.
Describe the life form of bwa blan.
Describe the life form of bwa fwenn.
Describe the life form of doliv.
Describe the life form of fwenn.
Describe the life form of bitter damson.
Describe the life form of princess tree.
Describe the life form of simarouba.
Describe the life form of bois amer.
Describe the life form of quinquina d‚Europe.
Describe the life form of acajou blanc.
Describe the life form of daguilla.
Describe the life form of daguillo.
Describe the life form of gavilan.
Describe the life form of juan primero.
Describe the life form of laguilla olivio.
Describe the life form of palo amargo.
Describe the life form of Simaruba.
Describe the life form of jojoba.
Describe the life form of goat-nut.
Describe the life form of deernut.
Describe the life form of jojowi.
Describe the life form of bucknut.
Describe the life form of coffee nut.
Describe the life form of pig nut.
Describe the life form of lemon leaf.
Describe the life form of bushnut.
Describe the life form of white mustard.
Describe the life form of English mustard.
Describe the life form of mustard seed.
Describe the life form of mostaza.
Describe the life form of moutarde.
Describe the life form of Senfsaat.
Describe the life form of senap.
Describe the life form of sennep.
Describe the life form of khardal.
Describe the life form of mosterd.
Describe the life form of senape.
Describe the life form of mastarda.
Describe the life form of gorshitsa.
Describe the life form of shiro-karashi.
Describe the life form of chieh.
Describe the life form of Sinapis albae semen.
Describe the life form of Brassica nigrae semen.
Describe the life form of Oleum sinapi.
Describe the life form of Brassica junceae semen.
Describe the life form of scarlet eggplant.
Describe the life form of Ethiopian eggplant.
Describe the life form of African bitter pea-aubergine.
Describe the life form of wild pea-aubergine.
Describe the life form of wild African aubergine.
Describe the life form of tomato-fruited eggplant.
Describe the life form of mock tomato.
Describe the life form of aubergine amère.
Describe the life form of petite bringelle maronne.
Describe the life form of xiao gu qie.
Describe the life form of xiao ku fan qie.
Describe the life form of cocona shrub.
Describe the life form of Indian rennet.
Describe the life form of igba.
Describe the life form of ingulla.
Describe the life form of inboye.
Describe the life form of hidi (Galinya).
Describe the life form of apple of Sodam.
Describe the life form of bitter apple.
Describe the life form of bitterappel.
Describe the life form of gboma eggplant.
Describe the life form of African eggplant.
Describe the life form of anthora.
Describe the life form of garden egg.
Describe the life form of ornamental eggplant.
Describe the life form of tomato-fruited eggplant.
Describe the life form of red-fruited eggplant.
Describe the life form of orange-fruited eggplant.
Describe the life form of scarlet eggplant.
Describe the life form of Thai eggplant.
Describe the life form of aubergine africaine.
Describe the life form of aubergine d'Afrique.
Describe the life form of aubergine amère.
Describe the life form of aubergine orangée.
Describe the life form of aubergine ornementale.
Describe the life form of aubergine gboma.
Describe the life form of grosse anghive.
Describe the life form of berenjena.
Describe the life form of Afrikansk ægplante.
Describe the life form of Afrikaanse aubergine.
Describe the life form of antroewa.
Describe the life form of Afrikanische eierpflanze.
Describe the life form of melanzana petonciano.
Describe the life form of sennari nasu.
Describe the life form of terong santan.
Describe the life form of terong rapoh.
Describe the life form of terong engkol.
Describe the life form of terong kelapa.
Describe the life form of beringela africana.
Describe the life form of terong gayung.
Describe the life form of Afrikansk äggplanta.
Describe the life form of bitter potato.
Describe the life form of choquepito.
Describe the life form of ococuri.
Describe the life form of luki.
Describe the life form of ruke.
Describe the life form of hausa potato.
Describe the life form of coleus.
Describe the life form of coleus potato.
Describe the life form of chinese potato.
Describe the life form of country potato.
Describe the life form of ratala.
Describe the life form of Sudan-potato.
Describe the life form of pomme de terre du Soudan.
Describe the life form of hausakartoffel.
Describe the life form of koorka.
Describe the life form of patata de los hausas.
Describe the life form of kembifi.
Describe the life form of ubi kembili.
Describe the life form of innala.
Describe the life form of ketang.
Describe the life form of fra-fra-salanga.
Describe the life form of koorkan.
Describe the life form of fra-fra potato.
Describe the life form of saluga.
Describe the life form of tumuku.
Describe the life form of fabirama.
Describe the life form of European mountain ash.
Describe the life form of weeping mountain ash.
Describe the life form of rowan.
Describe the life form of rowanberry.
Describe the life form of rountree.
Describe the life form of quick beam.
Describe the life form of whitty.
Describe the life form of sorbier.
Describe the life form of Eberesche.
Describe the life form of Vogelbeerbaum.
Describe the life form of rogn.
Describe the life form of almindelig røn.
Describe the life form of kotipihlaja.
Describe the life form of pihlaja.
Describe the life form of reynivi›ur.
Describe the life form of sorbo degli uccelli.
Describe the life form of sorbo degli uccellatori.
Describe the life form of Sorbi fructus.
Describe the life form of tramazeira.
Describe the life form of sorveira brava.
Describe the life form of lamagueira.
Describe the life form of escancerejo.
Describe the life form of cornogodinho.
Describe the life form of serviceberry.
Describe the life form of service tree.
Describe the life form of beam tree.
Describe the life form of checker tree.
Describe the life form of speierling.
Describe the life form of sorveira.
Describe the life form of sorveira brava.
Describe the life form of pau-vaca.
Describe the life form of African yam bean.
Describe the life form of tuber bean.
Describe the life form of Afrikanische yambohne.
Describe the life form of girigiri.
Describe the life form of red mombin.
Describe the life form of Spanish plum.
Describe the life form of mombin rouge.
Describe the life form of prunier d'Espagne.
Describe the life form of ciruelo.
Describe the life form of kedondong seberang.
Describe the life form of kedondong cocok.
Describe the life form of siniguelas.
Describe the life form of jocote.
Describe the life form of chickweed.
Describe the life form of common chickweed.
Describe the life form of vassarve.
Describe the life form of almindelig fuglegras.
Describe the life form of pihatähtimö.
Describe the life form of haugarfi.
Describe the life form of Vogelmiere.
Describe the life form of våtarv.
Describe the life form of Stellariae herba.
Describe the life form of bush orange.
Describe the life form of corky bark.
Describe the life form of monkey orange.
Describe the life form of wild orange.
Describe the life form of sauer nut.
Describe the life form of geelklapper.
Describe the life form of mpera-mwitu.
Describe the life form of mtonga.
Describe the life form of kurkbasklapper.
Describe the life form of groenklapper.
Describe the life form of elephant orange.
Describe the life form of monkey ball.
Describe the life form of monkey orange.
Describe the life form of Natal orange.
Describe the life form of spiny monkey ball.
Describe the life form of kaffir orange.
Describe the life form of mpapa.
Describe the life form of mtonga.
Describe the life form of angora (Galinya.
Describe the life form of Harar).
Describe the life form of green monkey apple.
Describe the life form of spiny monkey apple.
Describe the life form of water berry.
Describe the life form of waterbessie.
Describe the life form of umdoni waterberry.
Describe the life form of umdoni.
Describe the life form of waterwood.
Describe the life form of waterhout.
Describe the life form of monhlo.
Describe the life form of montlho.
Describe the life form of umcozi.
Describe the life form of muthwa.
Describe the life form of muhlwa.
Describe the life form of mutu.
Describe the life form of umswi.
Describe the life form of umjome.
Describe the life form of dandelion.
Describe the life form of common dandelion.
Describe the life form of pissenlit.
Describe the life form of Löwenzahn.
Describe the life form of dente di leone.
Describe the life form of mælkeb¢tte.
Describe the life form of perdeblom.
Describe the life form of plant dissel.
Describe the life form of umashwababa.
Describe the life form of irwabe lenyoka.
Describe the life form of Tanaceti herba.
Describe the life form of Tanaceti flos.
Describe the life form of cupuassu.
Describe the life form of copoasú.
Describe the life form of cupuasú.
Describe the life form of cacao blanco.
Describe the life form of cupuaçuzeiro.
Describe the life form of cupuaçu.
Describe the life form of pupuaçu.
Describe the life form of mahanim.
Describe the life form of tun.
Describe the life form of tuni.
Describe the life form of taung-tama.
Describe the life form of taw thamgo.
Describe the life form of thit kador.
Describe the life form of Australian red cedar.
Describe the life form of Burma cedar.
Describe the life form of Indian cedar.
Describe the life form of moulmein cedar.
Describe the life form of Queensland red cedar.
Describe the life form of red cedar.
Describe the life form of toon.
Describe the life form of danupra.
Describe the life form of cedre rouge.
Describe the life form of lim.
Describe the life form of kukoru.
Describe the life form of malapoga.
Describe the life form of suren kapar.
Describe the life form of suren mal.
Describe the life form of chomcha.
Describe the life form of mai-yom-horm.
Describe the life form of ranggoh.
Describe the life form of surian limpaga.
Describe the life form of cedro.
Describe the life form of mala-vembu.
Describe the life form of santhana-vembu.
Describe the life form of thevetharem.
Describe the life form of yom-hom.
Describe the life form of l[as]t kh[es]t.
Describe the life form of meadow salsify.
Describe the life form of goat's beard.
Describe the life form of star of Jerusalem.
Describe the life form of Joseph's-flower.
Describe the life form of Jack-go-to-bed-at-noon.
Describe the life form of Johnny-go-to-bed.
Describe the life form of sleep-at-noon.
Describe the life form of white arrow arum.
Describe the life form of myrobalan.
Describe the life form of garden vetch.
Describe the life form of common vetch.
Describe the life form of slimleaf vetch.
Describe the life form of vetch.
Describe the life form of corn.
Describe the life form of alholva.
Describe the life form of heno griego.
Describe the life form of fenugrec.
Describe the life form of Bockshornklee.
Describe the life form of bockhornskloever.
Describe the life form of hulba.
Describe the life form of fenegriek.
Describe the life form of fieno greco.
Describe the life form of alforva.
Describe the life form of pazhitnik.
Describe the life form of koroha.
Describe the life form of k'u-tou.
Describe the life form of Trigonellae foeni-graeci semen.
Describe the life form of sunko (Galinya).
Describe the life form of abacheh.
Describe the life form of abacham.
Describe the life form of club wheat.
Describe the life form of durum wheat.
Describe the life form of Macaroni wheat.
Describe the life form of blé dur.
Describe the life form of trigo duro.
Describe the life form of grano duro.
Describe the life form of durum weizen.
Describe the life form of hartweizen.
Describe the life form of durum hvede.
Describe the life form of durum vete.
Describe the life form of durum kveite.
Describe the life form of ying li xiao mai.
Describe the life form of alkamh assalb.
Describe the life form of lúa mì cúng.
Describe the life form of spelt wheat.
Describe the life form of wheat - spelt.
Describe the life form of farro.
Describe the life form of dinkel.
Describe the life form of German wheat.
Describe the life form of marama bean.
Describe the life form of morama nut.
Describe the life form of braaiboontjie.
Describe the life form of gemsbok bean.
Describe the life form of tamarni.
Describe the life form of thamani berry.
Describe the life form of marama.
Describe the life form of marami.
Describe the life form of morama.
Describe the life form of ombanui.
Describe the life form of gami.
Describe the life form of tsi.
Describe the life form of tsin bean.
Describe the life form of maramaboontjie.
Describe the life form of gemsbokboontjie.
Describe the life form of N!Gham.
Describe the life form of sanveldneut.
Describe the life form of small reed mace.
Describe the life form of narrow-leaved cattail.
Describe the life form of lesser bulrush.
Describe the life form of narrow-leaf cat-tail.
Describe the life form of narrowleaf cattail.
Describe the life form of totora.
Describe the life form of espandana.
Describe the life form of kleine lisdodde.
Describe the life form of schmalblättriger rohrkolben.
Describe the life form of smalt dunkjevle.
Describe the life form of smalbladet dunhammer.
Describe the life form of kapeaosmankäämi.
Describe the life form of smalkaveldun.
Describe the life form of smalbladigt kaveldun.
Describe the life form of reed mace.
Describe the life form of broad-leaved cattail.
Describe the life form of broad-leaf cat-tail.
Describe the life form of broadleaf cattail.
Describe the life form of bulrush.
Describe the life form of cattail.
Describe the life form of common cat-tail.
Describe the life form of gama.
Describe the life form of great reedmace.
Describe the life form of grote lisdodde.
Describe the life form of breitt dunkjevle.
Describe the life form of bredbladet dunhammer.
Describe the life form of leveäosmankäämi.
Describe the life form of breitblättriger rohrkolben.
Describe the life form of bredkaveldun.
Describe the life form of bredbladigt kaveldun.
Describe the life form of kaveldun.
Describe the life form of wild loquat.
Describe the life form of West African loquat.
Describe the life form of mkusu.
Describe the life form of muzanje.
Describe the life form of umhobohobo.
Describe the life form of nkusu.
Describe the life form of nettle.
Describe the life form of ortie.
Describe the life form of brennessel.
Describe the life form of ortica.
Describe the life form of annual nettle.
Describe the life form of small nettle.
Describe the life form of brænde nælde.
Describe the life form of liden nælde.
Describe the life form of kleine brennessel.
Describe the life form of brenninetla.
Describe the life form of rautanokkonen.
Describe the life form of smånesle.
Describe the life form of etternässla.
Describe the life form of common bladderwort.
Describe the life form of almindelig blærerod.
Describe the life form of low-bush blueberry.
Describe the life form of late sweet blueberry.
Describe the life form of low sweet blueberry.
Describe the life form of sweet hurts.
Describe the life form of mirtilho de folhas estreitas.
Describe the life form of uva do monte de folhas estreitas.
Describe the life form of upland lowbush blueberry.
Describe the life form of high-bush blueberry.
Describe the life form of swamp blueberry.
Describe the life form of American blueberry.
Describe the life form of blueberry.
Describe the life form of mirtilho dos pantanos.
Describe the life form of airelle d'Amérique.
Describe the life form of amerikanische Blueberry.
Describe the life form of arándano americano.
Describe the life form of cranberry.
Describe the life form of American cranberry.
Describe the life form of cultivated cranberry.
Describe the life form of large cranberry.
Describe the life form of large bearberry.
Describe the life form of arando de cultura.
Describe the life form of ronce d'Amérique.
Describe the life form of große Moosbeere.
Describe the life form of Kranbeere.
Describe the life form of arándano americano.
Describe the life form of arándano trepador.
Describe the life form of bilberry.
Describe the life form of blueberry.
Describe the life form of moorberry.
Describe the life form of hartberry.
Describe the life form of hurtleberry.
Describe the life form of whortleberry.
Describe the life form of dwarf bilberry.
Describe the life form of whinberry.
Describe the life form of blåbær.
Describe the life form of mirtilho.
Describe the life form of mirtilo.
Describe the life form of arando.
Describe the life form of airela.
Describe the life form of myrtille.
Describe the life form of Heidelbeere.
Describe the life form of mirtillo.
Describe the life form of European cranberry.
Describe the life form of Alpine blueberry.
Describe the life form of marshberry.
Describe the life form of clusterberry.
Describe the life form of foxberry.
Describe the life form of flowering foxberry.
Describe the life form of cowberry.
Describe the life form of lingberry.
Describe the life form of lingenberry.
Describe the life form of lingonberry.
Describe the life form of mountain cranberry.
Describe the life form of rock cranberry.
Describe the life form of tyttebær.
Describe the life form of arando da Europa.
Describe the life form of Preiselbeere.
Describe the life form of false medlar.
Describe the life form of wild medlar.
Describe the life form of velvet wild-medlar.
Describe the life form of wildemispel.
Describe the life form of grootmispel.
Describe the life form of mispel.
Describe the life form of mviru.
Describe the life form of viru.
Describe the life form of Muiru.
Describe the life form of mviru muiru.
Describe the life form of umThulwa.
Describe the life form of umVili.
Describe the life form of umViyo.
Describe the life form of umNtulwa.
Describe the life form of umNtuli.
Describe the life form of iMandulu.
Describe the life form of mmilo.
Describe the life form of muzwilu.
Describe the life form of umVilo.
Describe the life form of monyunwana.
Describe the life form of mothwanyê.
Describe the life form of mpfilwa.
Describe the life form of common wild medlar.
Describe the life form of voavanga.
Describe the life form of Spanish tamarind.
Describe the life form of mviru.
Describe the life form of harnkeren.
Describe the life form of modhukaantaa (Konsogna).
Describe the life form of buriri (Borena).
Describe the life form of vervain.
Describe the life form of European vervain.
Describe the life form of herb of the cross.
Describe the life form of sacred weed.
Describe the life form of holywort.
Describe the life form of pigeon's-grass.
Describe the life form of Juno's tears.
Describe the life form of jernurt.
Describe the life form of verbena.
Describe the life form of gerbao.
Describe the life form of urgebao.
Describe the life form of Eisenkraut.
Describe the life form of Verbenae herba.
Describe the life form of bitterleaf.
Describe the life form of grawa.
Describe the life form of ebicha (Galinya).
Describe the life form of dumoga (Harar).
Describe the life form of dumoga (Galinya).
Describe the life form of bard vetch.
Describe the life form of ervilha parda.
Describe the life form of parda.
Describe the life form of garroba.
Describe the life form of bambara groundnut.
Describe the life form of bambara bean.
Describe the life form of jugo bean.
Describe the life form of jugoboon.
Describe the life form of izidlubu.
Describe the life form of njugo (South Africa).
Describe the life form of nyimo.
Describe the life form of voanjo.
Describe the life form of njugu mawe.
Describe the life form of ditloo marapo.
Describe the life form of indlubu.
Describe the life form of mani.
Describe the life form of blackeyed pea.
Describe the life form of asparagus bean.
Describe the life form of yard long bean.
Describe the life form of vegetable cowpea.
Describe the life form of pole sitao.
Describe the life form of black-eyed pea.
Describe the life form of cow pea.
Describe the life form of cowpea.
Describe the life form of crowder pea.
Describe the life form of southern pea.
Describe the life form of zombi pea.
Describe the life form of wild mung bean.
Describe the life form of wild cowpea.
Describe the life form of pois poison.
Describe the life form of pois zombi.
Describe the life form of ye jiang dou.
Describe the life form of fuji sasage.
Describe the life form of thwàx phi.
Describe the life form of qua.
Describe the life form of aka sasage.
Describe the life form of bejuco marrullero.
Describe the life form of chorreque.
Describe the life form of shea nut.
Describe the life form of bambouk butter tree.
Describe the life form of galam butter tree.
Describe the life form of karité.
Describe the life form of Afetewa.
Describe the life form of black plum.
Describe the life form of muxiloxilo.
Describe the life form of galbihi.
Describe the life form of dinya.
Describe the life form of ucha koro.
Describe the life form of mfudu.
Describe the life form of mfuu.
Describe the life form of oori-nla.
Describe the life form of Plem (Amargna).
Describe the life form of Silanri (Ari).
Describe the life form of moru oak.
Describe the life form of meru oak.
Describe the life form of mfuu.
Describe the life form of fox grape.
Describe the life form of skunk grape.
Describe the life form of plum grape.
Describe the life form of Isabella grape.
Describe the life form of Labrusca grape.
Describe the life form of uva de raposa.
Describe the life form of labrusca.
Describe the life form of muscadine grape.
Describe the life form of Southern fox grape.
Describe the life form of scuppernong grape.
Describe the life form of bullace grape.
Describe the life form of vinha americana.
Describe the life form of muscardinia.
Describe the life form of pepper bark tree.
Describe the life form of East African greenheart.
Describe the life form of Ol-msogoni.
Describe the life form of muthiga.
Describe the life form of Yucca.
Describe the life form of spineless yucca.
Describe the life form of sweet corn.
Describe the life form of sweet maize.
Describe the life form of milho doce.
Describe the life form of Teosinte.
Describe the life form of Machurian wild rice.
Describe the life form of cizania da Manchuria.
Describe the life form of water bamboo.
Describe the life form of coba.
Describe the life form of kuw-sun.
Describe the life form of kwo-bai.
Describe the life form of jiao-bai.
Describe the life form of makomo dake.
Describe the life form of buffalo thorn.
Describe the life form of Cape thorn.
Describe the life form of blinkblaar-wag-'n-bietjie.
Describe the life form of Koopta (Konsogna).
Describe the life form of Ado kurkura (Amargna).
Describe the life form of Foch (Amargna).
Describe the life form of Gammo-gadie (Wolayetgna).
Describe the life form of buffelsdoring.
Describe the life form of umPhafa.
Describe the life form of umhlahlankosi.
Describe the life form of isilahla.
Describe the life form of umkhobonga.
Describe the life form of umlahlabantu.
Describe the life form of mphasamhala.
Describe the life form of mokgalo.
Describe the life form of moonaona.
Describe the life form of mukhalu.
Describe the life form of mutshetshete.
Describe the life form of omukaru.
Describe the life form of omukekete (Ovambo).
Describe the life form of aros.
Describe the life form of buffalo-thorn jujube.
Describe the life form of haak-en-steek-wag-'n-bietjie.
Describe the life form of mokgalwa.
Describe the life form of mokalabata.
Describe the life form of isilahlankosi.
Describe the life form of cat thorn.
Describe the life form of bogwood.
Describe the life form of katdoring.
Describe the life form of eelgrass.
Describe the life form of sea-wrack.
Describe the life form of grass-wrack.
Describe the life form of sea grass.
Describe the life form of ulva marina.
Describe the life form of limo de fita.
Describe the life form of ceba do rio.
Describe the life form of zostera marinha.
Describe the life form of zozima.
Describe the life form of cirigo.
Describe the life form of papaw.
Describe the life form of radish.
Describe the life form of cowpea.
Describe the life form of cow pea.
Describe the life form of purple loosestrife.
Describe the life form of bugle.
Describe the life form of common bugle.
Describe the life form of bugleweed.
Describe the life form of carpet bugle.
Describe the life form of erva de Sao Lourenco.
Describe the life form of ajuga.
Describe the life form of bugula.
Describe the life form of lingua de boi.
Describe the life form of azeviche.
Describe the life form of ajugaiba.
Describe the life form of erva ferrea.
Describe the life form of Cape Water-hawthorn.
Describe the life form of waterblommetjie.
Describe the life form of vleikos.
Describe the life form of Cape pond weed.
Describe the life form of water hawthorn.
Describe the life form of Cape asparagus.
Describe the life form of bearberry.
Describe the life form of bear's-grape.
Describe the life form of fox plum.
Describe the life form of creashak.
Describe the life form of larb.
Describe the life form of Indian wort.
Describe the life form of sandberry.
Describe the life form of kinnikinick.
Describe the life form of mealberry.
Describe the life form of hog-cranberry.
Describe the life form of uva-ursina.
Describe the life form of uva de urso.
Describe the life form of medronheiro ursino.
Describe the life form of swamp milkweed.
Describe the life form of swamp silkweed.
Describe the life form of white indian hemp.
Describe the life form of showy milkweed.
Describe the life form of common milkweed.
Describe the life form of Siberian peashrub.
Describe the life form of southern nettle tree.
Describe the life form of bagolaro.
Describe the life form of Zürgelbaum.
Describe the life form of Nesselbaum.
Describe the life form of hawthorn.
Describe the life form of English hawthorn.
Describe the life form of evergreen thorn.
Describe the life form of albespine.
Describe the life form of may-tree.
Describe the life form of aubepine.
Describe the life form of Weißdorn.
Describe the life form of biancospino.
Describe the life form of escrambulheiro.
Describe the life form of espinheiro bravo.
Describe the life form of rundhagtorn.
Describe the life form of hagtorn.
Describe the life form of parkhagtorn.
Describe the life form of almindelig hvidtjørn.
Describe the life form of pyöröliuskaorapihlaja.
Describe the life form of midland hawthorn.
Describe the life form of zweigriffeliger Weißdorn.
Describe the life form of Crataegi summitas.
Describe the life form of Crataegi fructus.
Describe the life form of field eryngo.
Describe the life form of roseapple.
Describe the life form of pitahaya.
Describe the life form of strawberry pear.
Describe the life form of red pitaya.
Describe the life form of dragon fruit.
Describe the life form of pitaya.
Describe the life form of pellitory.
Describe the life form of wall pellitory.
Describe the life form of pellitory of the wall.
Describe the life form of Glaskraut.
Describe the life form of stone fern wort.
Describe the life form of Parietariae herba.
Describe the life form of pickerel weed.
Describe the life form of pickerelweed.
Describe the life form of wampee.
Describe the life form of common plum.
Describe the life form of garden plum.
Describe the life form of European plum.
Describe the life form of quetschen plum.
Describe the life form of Pflaume.
Describe the life form of Zwetschge.
Describe the life form of Quetsche.
Describe the life form of prune.
Describe the life form of prugno.
Describe the life form of susino.
Describe the life form of ameixa.
Describe the life form of ameixeira.
Describe the life form of ciruela.
Describe the life form of seaside brookweed.
Describe the life form of brookweed.
Describe the life form of salzbunge.
Describe the life form of strandsamel.
Describe the life form of bunge.
Describe the life form of samel.
Describe the life form of suolapunka.
Describe the life form of bur-reed.
Describe the life form of branched bur-reed.
Describe the life form of aufrechter igelkolben.
Describe the life form of kjempe-piggknopp.
Describe the life form of grenet pindsvineknop.
Describe the life form of småfrugtet pindsvineknop.
Describe the life form of haarapalpakko.
Describe the life form of kantvass.
Describe the life form of storigelknopp.
Describe the life form of vanlig storigelknopp.
Describe the life form of grenigelknopp.
Describe the life form of Devil's bit scabious.
Describe the life form of ofbit.
Describe the life form of itch.
Describe the life form of blue scabious.
Describe the life form of blue buttons.
Describe the life form of morso diabolico.
Describe the life form of morte do diabo.
Describe the life form of escabiosa.
Describe the life form of black bryony.
Describe the life form of black bindweed.
Describe the life form of murraim berry.
Describe the life form of houndsberry.
Describe the life form of lady's-seal.
Describe the life form of fruesegl.
Describe the life form of baganha.
Describe the life form of uva de cao.
Describe the life form of norca preta.
Describe the life form of tamo.
Describe the life form of water chestnut.
Describe the life form of water caltrop.
Describe the life form of water nut.
Describe the life form of horn chestnut.
Describe the life form of Jesuit's nut.
Describe the life form of saligot.
Describe the life form of castanha de agua.
Describe the life form of bull nut.
Describe the life form of vassnøtt.
Describe the life form of hornnød.
Describe the life form of wassernuß.
Describe the life form of sjönöt.
Describe the life form of bitter vetch.
Describe the life form of lentil vetch.
Describe the life form of pigeon‚s pea.
Describe the life form of French erse.
Describe the life form of lenteja bastarda.
Describe the life form of lentille bâtarde.
Describe the life form of pois de pigeon.
Describe the life form of kirsannah.
Describe the life form of kuyewandou.
Describe the life form of Linsenwicke.
Describe the life form of ervilha de pombo.
Describe the life form of erven.
Describe the life form of erfva.
Describe the life form of erve.
Describe the life form of orobo.
Describe the life form of erb.
Describe the life form of pesette.
Describe the life form of ervum.
Describe the life form of alarceña.
Describe the life form of alcarceña.
Describe the life form of alcarraceña.
Describe the life form of alcaruna.
Describe the life form of alliez.
Describe the life form of alverja.
Describe the life form of alverjana.
Describe the life form of arveja.
Describe the life form of capogirlo.
Describe the life form of cicerchia.
Describe the life form of comin.
Describe the life form of er.
Describe the life form of eros.
Describe the life form of erp.
Describe the life form of ers.
Describe the life form of erse.
Describe the life form of Ervenlinse.
Describe the life form of Ervenwicke.
Describe the life form of ervil.
Describe the life form of ervilier.
Describe the life form of ervilla.
Describe the life form of ervilliere.
Describe the life form of ervo.
Describe the life form of ervos.
Describe the life form of Eselsohren.
Describe the life form of essez.
Describe the life form of faux orobe.
Describe the life form of fregellini.
Describe the life form of gero.
Describe the life form of girlo.
Describe the life form of girón.
Describe the life form of goirils.
Describe the life form of Gute erve.
Describe the life form of herb.
Describe the life form of herén.
Describe the life form of herp.
Describe the life form of hiero.
Describe the life form of ingrassabue.
Describe the life form of jarosse.
Describe the life form of Kamellinse.
Describe the life form of aersana.
Describe the life form of kirsene.
Describe the life form of kirsenne.
Describe the life form of Knotenerve.
Describe the life form of Knotenfrüchtige Wicke.
Describe the life form of kursenne.
Describe the life form of lentille ers.
Describe the life form of lentille ervillière.
Describe the life form of lentille noir.
Describe the life form of leri.
Describe the life form of lero.
Describe the life form of marroiço.
Describe the life form of marroio.
Describe the life form of marruiço.
Describe the life form of mochi.
Describe the life form of mocho.
Describe the life form of moco.
Describe the life form of mosch.
Describe the life form of officinal tare.
Describe the life form of orobe bâtard.
Describe the life form of orobes des boutiques.
Describe the life form of orobo das boticas.
Describe the life form of orobos.
Describe the life form of pois mauresque.
Describe the life form of rhobidia.
Describe the life form of robai.
Describe the life form of robi.
Describe the life form of rubiglia.
Describe the life form of Saaterve.
Describe the life form of Saatwicklinse.
Describe the life form of seros.
Describe the life form of Stachelwicke.
Describe the life form of Steinlinse.
Describe the life form of straccabue.
Describe the life form of titos.
Describe the life form of tragellini.
Describe the life form of vèccioli.
Describe the life form of vèggioli.
Describe the life form of vesce amére.
Describe the life form of vesce.
Describe the life form of ber.
Describe the life form of cottony.
Describe the life form of Indian jujube.
Describe the life form of desert apple.
Describe the life form of Chinese apple.
Describe the life form of jujubier.
Describe the life form of anafega da India.
Describe the life form of widara.
Describe the life form of bidara.
Describe the life form of manzanitas.
Describe the life form of phutsaa.
Describe the life form of putrea.
Describe the life form of than.
Describe the life form of tao nhuc.
Describe the life form of sidr.
Describe the life form of beri.
Describe the life form of gob.
Describe the life form of abateri.
Describe the life form of wag'n bietjie.
Describe the life form of mkunazi.
Describe the life form of gava.
Describe the life form of ghob.
Describe the life form of gheb.
Describe the life form of jumuba.
Describe the life form of kurkura (Galinya.
Describe the life form of Harar).
Describe the life form of gusura (Afargna).
Describe the life form of Mexican avocado.
Describe the life form of Guatemalan avocado.
Describe the life form of West Indian avocado.
Describe the life form of kang kong.
Describe the life form of sow pea.
Describe the life form of intip-intip.
Describe the life form of wild ginger.
Describe the life form of wildegemmer.
Describe the life form of sidvungulu.
Describe the life form of indungulu.
Describe the life form of isiphepheto.
Describe the life form of lamb's-quarters.
Describe the life form of pigweed.
Describe the life form of fat hen.
Describe the life form of frost blite.
Describe the life form of mutton tops.
Describe the life form of dirtweed.
Describe the life form of lamb's quarters.
Describe the life form of dirty dick.
Describe the life form of midden myles.
Describe the life form of baconweed.
Describe the life form of cenizo blanco.
Describe the life form of weißer gänsefuß.
Describe the life form of svinmålla.
Describe the life form of mjölmålla.
Describe the life form of vitmålla.
Describe the life form of meldestokk.
Describe the life form of hvidmelet gåsefod.
Describe the life form of jauhosavikka.
Describe the life form of hélunjóli.
Describe the life form of anchusa.
Describe the life form of blue alkanet.
Describe the life form of Italian bugloss.
Describe the life form of erva-sangue.
Describe the life form of erva do figado.
Describe the life form of water primrose.
Describe the life form of creeping waterprimrose.
Describe the life form of red ludwigia.
Describe the life form of water shamrock.
Describe the life form of water clover fern.
Describe the life form of marsilea.
Describe the life form of marsilia.
Describe the life form of water clover.
Describe the life form of European pepperwort.
Describe the life form of European waterclover.
Describe the life form of pepperwort.
Describe the life form of Australian four leafed clover.
Describe the life form of creeping cinquefoil.
Describe the life form of sickle-leaved yellow-wood.
Describe the life form of outeniqua.
Describe the life form of East African yellow wood.
Describe the life form of outeninqua yellow wood.
Describe the life form of podo.
Describe the life form of outeniekwageelhout.
Describe the life form of zigba.
Describe the life form of umSonti.
Describe the life form of uNomphumelo.
Describe the life form of umHlenhlane.
Describe the life form of umGeya.
Describe the life form of umKhandangoma.
Describe the life form of umPume.
Describe the life form of umKhoba.
Describe the life form of Umceya.
Describe the life form of Common yellowwood.
Describe the life form of borasusspalm.
Describe the life form of zembaba.
Describe the life form of deleib.
Describe the life form of chibangalala.
Describe the life form of kakoma.
Describe the life form of kambili.
Describe the life form of African fan palm.
Describe the life form of borassus palm.
Describe the life form of palmyra palm.
Describe the life form of ron palm.
Describe the life form of rônier.
Describe the life form of dubbi.
Describe the life form of giginya.
Describe the life form of ubiri.
Describe the life form of kankoma.
Describe the life form of mukulwani.
Describe the life form of mulala.
Describe the life form of katuugo.
Describe the life form of nyalango.
Describe the life form of rhun.
Describe the life form of sibo.
Describe the life form of mvumo.
Describe the life form of abgon-eye.
Describe the life form of Indian laurel fig.
Describe the life form of incendeira.
Describe the life form of wild seringa.
Describe the life form of burkea.
Describe the life form of maco.
Describe the life form of wildesering.
Describe the life form of mufhulu.
Describe the life form of monato.
Describe the life form of sandsering.
Describe the life form of red seringa.
Describe the life form of Rhodesian ash.
Describe the life form of mpulu.
Describe the life form of mosheshe.
Describe the life form of mkalati.
Describe the life form of omuparara.
Describe the life form of pinimo (Ghana).
Describe the life form of rooisering.
Describe the life form of violet tree.
Describe the life form of krinkhout.
Describe the life form of marula.
Describe the life form of morula.
Describe the life form of caffra.
Describe the life form of jelly plum.
Describe the life form of maroola nut.
Describe the life form of cat thorn.
Describe the life form of cider tree.
Describe the life form of maroola plum.
Describe the life form of maroela.
Describe the life form of dania.
Describe the life form of mng' ong'o.
Describe the life form of muua.
Describe the life form of ol-mangwai.
Describe the life form of iganu.
Describe the life form of ikanyi.
Describe the life form of umganu.
Describe the life form of umkano.
Describe the life form of canhoeiro.
Describe the life form of ncanhi.
Describe the life form of mutsomo.
Describe the life form of mukwakwa.
Describe the life form of mushomo.
Describe the life form of muganu.
Describe the life form of mupfura.
Describe the life form of pfura.
Describe the life form of mufura.
Describe the life form of mafuna.
Describe the life form of mngongo.
Describe the life form of tsua.
Describe the life form of tsula.
Describe the life form of amaganu.
Describe the life form of tololokwo.
Describe the life form of nkanyi.
Describe the life form of didissa.
Describe the life form of katetalum.
Describe the life form of ufuongo.
Describe the life form of mura.
Describe the life form of umgana.
Describe the life form of mufula.
Describe the life form of pepperbark tree.
Describe the life form of sugarbeet.
Describe the life form of remolacha azucarera.
Describe the life form of betterave à sucre.
Describe the life form of tiancai.
Describe the life form of zuckerruebe.
Describe the life form of barbabietola da zucchero.
Describe the life form of tensai.
Describe the life form of sato daikon.
Describe the life form of sakharnaya svyokla.
Describe the life form of bachanta.
Describe the life form of broom-corn.
Describe the life form of chicken corn.
Describe the life form of cholam.
Describe the life form of durra.
Describe the life form of grain sorghum.
Describe the life form of great millet.
Describe the life form of guinea corn.
Describe the life form of ipwa.
Describe the life form of jawa.
Describe the life form of jola.
Describe the life form of jowar.
Describe the life form of kafir corn.
Describe the life form of kaoliang.
Describe the life form of mashila.
Describe the life form of milo.
Describe the life form of mtama.
Describe the life form of sorghum.
Describe the life form of sorgho.
Describe the life form of sorgo.
Describe the life form of Hirse.
Describe the life form of beech.
Describe the life form of European beech.
Describe the life form of Irish fea.
Describe the life form of buche.
Describe the life form of rotbuche.
Describe the life form of faggio.
Describe the life form of hêtre.
Describe the life form of faia europeia.
Describe the life form of haya.
Describe the life form of bok.
Describe the life form of bøk.
Describe the life form of bøg.
Describe the life form of pyökki.
Describe the life form of honeysuckle.
Describe the life form of Italian honeysuckle.
Describe the life form of Italian woodbine.
Describe the life form of sweet honeysuckle.
Describe the life form of honeybind.
Describe the life form of madressilva dos jardins.
Describe the life form of stemless carline thistle.
Describe the life form of silver thistle.
Describe the life form of ground thistle.
Describe the life form of Silberdistel.
Describe the life form of Stengellose Eberwurz.
Describe the life form of Große Wetterdistel.
Describe the life form of carlina.
Describe the life form of great knapweed.
Describe the life form of Iceland moss.
Describe the life form of Icelandic moss.
Describe the life form of musgo da Islandia.
Describe the life form of liquem da Islandia.
Describe the life form of cetraria.
Describe the life form of eyebright.
Describe the life form of Wiesen-Augentrost.
Describe the life form of finnögontröst.
Describe the life form of ängsögontröst.
Describe the life form of stor ögontröst.
Describe the life form of storaugnetrøst.
Describe the life form of kalk-øjentrøst.
Describe the life form of ahosilmäruoho.
Describe the life form of Euphrasiae herba.
Describe the life form of butterbur.
Describe the life form of arrowleaf butterbur.
Describe the life form of babassu palm.
Describe the life form of babaçu.
Describe the life form of coco de macaco.
Describe the life form of aguassu.
Describe the life form of Atlas lupine.
Describe the life form of fodder radish.
Describe the life form of oil radish.
Describe the life form of oilseed radish.
Describe the life form of nabo forrajero.
Describe the life form of nabo forrageiro.
Describe the life form of Oelrettich.
Describe the life form of sorva.
Describe the life form of milk tree.
Describe the life form of couma.
Describe the life form of sorva pequeña.
Describe the life form of sorveira.
Describe the life form of sorvinha.
Describe the life form of doum palm.
Describe the life form of palma dum.
Describe the life form of mukoma.
Describe the life form of ilala.
Describe the life form of baar.
Describe the life form of qoona (fruit).
Describe the life form of dabell (young).
Describe the life form of qoone (Borana).
Describe the life form of kone (Borana).
Describe the life form of meeti (Borana).
Describe the life form of mkoma (Chonyi).
Describe the life form of kulidhe (Daasanach).
Describe the life form of mkoma (Digo).
Describe the life form of lume (Digo).
Describe the life form of meetti (Gabra).
Describe the life form of mkoma (Giriama).
Describe the life form of lparruai (Ilchamus).
Describe the life form of lparrua (Ilchamus).
Describe the life form of mkoma (Kambe).
Describe the life form of mokoma (Malakote).
Describe the life form of mezi (young) (Malakote).
Describe the life form of irara (Mbeere).
Describe the life form of kone (Orma).
Describe the life form of meti (young) (Orma).
Describe the life form of takuyua (Pokot).
Describe the life form of takaiw'a (Pokot).
Describe the life form of takayua (Pokot).
Describe the life form of gey-i-khooona (Rendille).
Describe the life form of baar (Rendille).
Describe the life form of lparwai (Samburu).
Describe the life form of nkujit-ae-nkeok (Samburu).
Describe the life form of auwaki (Sanya).
Describe the life form of mkoma.
Describe the life form of mkoche.
Describe the life form of mlala.
Describe the life form of mnyaa.
Describe the life form of muaa.
Describe the life form of irara (Taveta).
Describe the life form of muruguyu (Tharaka).
Describe the life form of eeng'ol (Turkana).
Describe the life form of eng'ol (Turkana).
Describe the life form of Dumpalme.
Describe the life form of ahipa.
Describe the life form of yam bean.
Describe the life form of ajipa.
Describe the life form of achipa.
Describe the life form of dabau.
Describe the life form of frijol chuncho.
Describe the life form of judia batata.
Describe the life form of poroto batata.
Describe the life form of asipa.
Describe the life form of villu.
Describe the life form of huitoto.
Describe the life form of andine knollenbone.
Describe the life form of sinkamas.
Describe the life form of yam bean.
Describe the life form of manioc bean.
Describe the life form of potato bean.
Describe the life form of tuberous gram.
Describe the life form of Amazonian yam bean.
Describe the life form of dolique tubéreuse.
Describe the life form of pois patate.
Describe the life form of pois cochon.
Describe the life form of ashipa.
Describe the life form of chuin.
Describe the life form of jícama.
Describe the life form of jiquima.
Describe the life form of yamsbønne.
Describe the life form of sha ge.
Describe the life form of hoewi iris.
Describe the life form of bengkoewang.
Describe the life form of yambohne.
Describe the life form of knollenbohne.
Describe the life form of knollige bohne.
Describe the life form of amazonische jamsbohne.
Describe the life form of amazonische knollenbohne.
Describe the life form of fagiolo patata.
Describe the life form of feijão-jacatupé.
Describe the life form of jacatupé.
Describe the life form of jacutupé.
Describe the life form of jocotupé.
Describe the life form of sinkamas.
Describe the life form of at böyrüce.
Describe the life form of mauka.
Describe the life form of chagos.
Describe the life form of chago.
Describe the life form of chaco.
Describe the life form of arricón.
Describe the life form of yuca inca.
Describe the life form of shallca yuca.
Describe the life form of yuca de la Jalca.
Describe the life form of pega pega.
Describe the life form of cushpe.
Describe the life form of cushipe.
Describe the life form of arracacha de toro.
Describe the life form of camotillo.
Describe the life form of inca.
Describe the life form of miso: Pichincha (Ecuador).
Describe the life form of tazo: Cotopaxi (Ecuador).
Describe the life form of mukukuma.
Describe the life form of kilali.
Describe the life form of mareer booy.
Describe the life form of mudzaladowe (Chonyi).
Describe the life form of mudzaladowe (Giriama).
Describe the life form of mzaladowe (Giriama).
Describe the life form of mudzaladowe (Kambe).
Describe the life form of tamangesyat (Keiyo).
Describe the life form of tarnanges (Keiyo).
Describe the life form of tamangesig (Keiyo).
Describe the life form of malkach (Marakwet).
Describe the life form of tamalak (Marakwet).
Describe the life form of malkatwa (Marakwet).
Describe the life form of tomolokwo (Marakwet).
Describe the life form of tamuketwo (Pokot).
Describe the life form of tomekekwo (Pokot).
Describe the life form of tamrenwo (Pokot).
Describe the life form of mikisia (Pokot).
Describe the life form of molkech (Pokot).
Describe the life form of arrow-poison plant.
Describe the life form of arrow poison tree.
Describe the life form of kivai.
Describe the life form of muricu.
Describe the life form of murichu.
Describe the life form of merez.
Describe the life form of marid.
Describe the life form of keliot.
Describe the life form of karraru (Borana).
Describe the life form of k'arraaru (Gabra).
Describe the life form of kelyot (Kipsigis).
Describe the life form of olmorijoi (Maa).
Describe the life form of mururu (Meru).
Describe the life form of kelion (Pokot).
Describe the life form of ilmorijoi (Samburu).
Describe the life form of kelyon (Tugen).
Describe the life form of ruffle palm.
Describe the life form of coyure palm.
Describe the life form of corozo.
Describe the life form of maracay.
Describe the life form of marará.
Describe the life form of macagüita.
Describe the life form of pale serviceberry.
Describe the life form of pallid serviceberry.
Describe the life form of Utah serviceberry.
Describe the life form of western serviceberry.
Describe the life form of saskatoon serviceberry.
Describe the life form of bergamot orange.
Describe the life form of hollyhock mallow.
Describe the life form of large-flowered mallow.
Describe the life form of pink mallow.
Describe the life form of European mallow.
Describe the life form of vervain mallow.
Describe the life form of sigmarswurz.
Describe the life form of vijfdelig kaasjeskruid.
Describe the life form of Serpylli herba.
Describe the life form of Aetheroleum serpylli.
Describe the life form of hollyhock.
Describe the life form of Malvac arboreae flos.
Describe the life form of great angelica.
Describe the life form of purplestem angelica.
Describe the life form of alexanders.
Describe the life form of American angelica.
Describe the life form of high angelica.
Describe the life form of purple angelica.
Describe the life form of masterwort.
Describe the life form of catchthorn.
Describe the life form of musau.
Describe the life form of khash.
Describe the life form of khashkhash abiad.
Describe the life form of khshkhash.
Describe the life form of pink jacaranda.
Describe the life form of mtafuna panya.
Describe the life form of halleko.
Describe the life form of African moringa tree.
Describe the life form of cabbage tree.
Describe the life form of kohlbaum.
Describe the life form of malung-gay.
Describe the life form of murunga-Kai.
Describe the life form of sohnja.
Describe the life form of wocheletcha.
Describe the life form of wolayetgna.
Describe the life form of guanaguanare.
Describe the life form of palo de garza.
Describe the life form of ambelania.
Describe the life form of pepino do mato.
Describe the life form of pepino-do-mato.
Describe the life form of pepino-doce.
Describe the life form of pau-de-leite.
Describe the life form of ambélanier acide.
Describe the life form of graines-biche.
Describe the life form of papaye biche.
Describe the life form of quimbé-dents.
Describe the life form of camelina.
Describe the life form of false flax.
Describe the life form of gold-of-pleasure.
Describe the life form of gergelim bastardo.
Describe the life form of Siberian oilseed.
Describe the life form of garlic.
Describe the life form of cultivated garlic.
Describe the life form of ail.
Describe the life form of aglio.
Describe the life form of ajo.
Describe the life form of kaliki.
Describe the life form of Knoblauch.
Describe the life form of vitlök.
Describe the life form of hvidløg.
Describe the life form of thum.
Describe the life form of knoflook.
Describe the life form of alho.
Describe the life form of alho de cultura.
Describe the life form of chesnok.
Describe the life form of ninniku.
Describe the life form of suan.
Describe the life form of Bulbus Allii Sativi.
Describe the life form of garlic oil.
Describe the life form of annatto.
Describe the life form of lipstick tree.
Describe the life form of achiote.
Describe the life form of urucum.
Describe the life form of anato.
Describe the life form of arnato.
Describe the life form of bija.
Describe the life form of bijol.
Describe the life form of bixa.
Describe the life form of roucou.
Describe the life form of bixin.
Describe the life form of black mustard.
Describe the life form of brown mustard.
Describe the life form of mustard.
Describe the life form of red mustard.
Describe the life form of yellow mustard.
Describe the life form of wedlock.
Describe the life form of yellow mustard seed.
Describe the life form of indian mustard.
Describe the life form of moutarde noire.
Describe the life form of moutarde brune.
Describe the life form of moutarde de l'Inde.
Describe the life form of moutarde de Chine.
Describe the life form of chou noir.
Describe the life form of mostaza negra.
Describe the life form of mostaza de India.
Describe the life form of khardal aswad.
Describe the life form of mostarda negra.
Describe the life form of mostarda preta.
Describe the life form of senape nero.
Describe the life form of brunsenap.
Describe the life form of svartsenap.
Describe the life form of sennep.
Describe the life form of sort sennep.
Describe the life form of bruine mosterd.
Describe the life form of zwarte mosterd.
Describe the life form of junceamosterd.
Describe the life form of sareptamosterd.
Describe the life form of must kapsasrohi.
Describe the life form of mustardo.
Describe the life form of sinapo.
Describe the life form of mustasinappi.
Describe the life form of moster.
Describe the life form of Schwarzer Senf.
Describe the life form of Schwarz Senf.
Describe the life form of Senfkohl.
Describe the life form of Braunsenf.
Describe the life form of kruv shachor.
Describe the life form of hardal shador.
Describe the life form of fekete mustármag.
Describe the life form of barna mustarmag.
Describe the life form of svartsennep.
Describe the life form of kapusta czarna.
Describe the life form of kapusta gorczyca.
Describe the life form of gorczyca czarna.
Describe the life form of gorchítsa chërnyi.
Describe the life form of kara hardal.
Describe the life form of siyah hardal.
Describe the life form of tohumu.
Describe the life form of moustarda.
Describe the life form of sinaposporos.
Describe the life form of mustaroskorn.
Describe the life form of mustasa.
Describe the life form of kadugu.
Describe the life form of senafich.
Describe the life form of rai.
Describe the life form of lal sarsu.
Describe the life form of biji savi.
Describe the life form of mohari.
Describe the life form of spandaan.
Describe the life form of kuro garashi.
Describe the life form of krishnikaa.
Describe the life form of abba.
Describe the life form of haradali.
Describe the life form of cinnamon.
Describe the life form of true cinnamon.
Describe the life form of canela.
Describe the life form of cannelle.
Describe the life form of Zimt.
Describe the life form of kanel.
Describe the life form of qurfa.
Describe the life form of kaneel.
Describe the life form of cannella.
Describe the life form of koritsa.
Describe the life form of seiron-nikkei.
Describe the life form of jou-kuei.
Describe the life form of jou-kwei.
Describe the life form of Cortex Cinnamomi.
Describe the life form of turmeric.
Describe the life form of common turmeric.
Describe the life form of long turmeric.
Describe the life form of curcuma.
Describe the life form of safran des indes.
Describe the life form of kurkuma-gelbwurzel.
Describe the life form of gurkmeja.
Describe the life form of kurkum.
Describe the life form of geelwortel.
Describe the life form of acafrao-da-India.
Describe the life form of zholty imbir'.
Describe the life form of ukon.
Describe the life form of yu-chin.
Describe the life form of cago.
Describe the life form of rerega.
Describe the life form of haldi.
Describe the life form of kunyit.
Describe the life form of temu kunyit.
Describe the life form of ro miet.
Describe the life form of kunir.
Describe the life form of komeng.
Describe the life form of khi min.
Describe the life form of khmin khun.
Describe the life form of tius.
Describe the life form of lavar.
Describe the life form of tamaravirua.
Describe the life form of aruq as-suff.
Describe the life form of zard-cholic.
Describe the life form of dilaw.
Describe the life form of kalabaga.
Describe the life form of kunik.
Describe the life form of ango.
Describe the life form of ango hina.
Describe the life form of renga.
Describe the life form of re'a.
Describe the life form of avea.
Describe the life form of ago.
Describe the life form of tale's.
Describe the life form of ena.
Describe the life form of khamin.
Describe the life form of khamin kaeng.
Describe the life form of khamin chan.
Describe the life form of nghe.
Describe the life form of nghe vang.
Describe the life form of uat kim.
Describe the life form of khuong hoang.
Describe the life form of co hem.
Describe the life form of co khan min.
Describe the life form of khinh luong.
Describe the life form of West Indian lemon grass.
Describe the life form of sere grass.
Describe the life form of lemon grass.
Describe the life form of ginger grass.
Describe the life form of citronella grass.
Describe the life form of fever grass.
Describe the life form of citronnelle.
Describe the life form of baroni.
Describe the life form of belioko.
Describe the life form of cha phiéc.
Describe the life form of ha wo.
Describe the life form of hau sing khai.
Describe the life form of huong mao.
Describe the life form of mò b'lang.
Describe the life form of phac châu.
Describe the life form of pirheghans.
Describe the life form of sà.
Describe the life form of salai.
Describe the life form of sereh.
Describe the life form of tanglad.
Describe the life form of takhrai.
Describe the life form of tapo.
Describe the life form of ce kala.
Describe the life form of nche awuta.
Describe the life form of ahihia tii.
Describe the life form of hhashel laymum.
Describe the life form of koriko oyibo.
Describe the life form of koko oba.
Describe the life form of cardamom.
Describe the life form of cardamomo.
Describe the life form of cardamome.
Describe the life form of kardamom.
Describe the life form of kardemom.
Describe the life form of elachi.
Describe the life form of hal.
Describe the life form of karudamon.
Describe the life form of pai tou k'ou.
Describe the life form of kardomom.
Describe the life form of kardemome.
Describe the life form of bay leaves.
Describe the life form of laurel leaves.
Describe the life form of laurel.
Describe the life form of laurier.
Describe the life form of Lorbeer.
Describe the life form of Lorbeerbaum.
Describe the life form of lager.
Describe the life form of ghar.
Describe the life form of alloro.
Describe the life form of loureiro.
Describe the life form of lauerbær blade.
Describe the life form of lavr.
Describe the life form of gekkeiju.
Describe the life form of yueh-kuei.
Describe the life form of Japanese mint.
Describe the life form of (<b>Both for nutmeg and mace</b>):-.
Describe the life form of nutmeg.
Describe the life form of Semen Myristicae.
Describe the life form of gewz.
Describe the life form of gasbasa.
Describe the life form of josat al teeb.
Describe the life form of mutwinda.
Describe the life form of rou dou kou.
Describe the life form of jon tou k'ou.
Describe the life form of jon tau kau.
Describe the life form of tau kau.
Describe the life form of nootmuskaat.
Describe the life form of muskatnød.
Describe the life form of lõhnav muskaadipuu.
Describe the life form of muskottipähkin.
Describe the life form of djus hendi.
Describe the life form of noix de muscade.
Describe the life form of muscade.
Describe the life form of Muskatnuß.
Describe the life form of jayfal.
Describe the life form of jaiphal.
Describe the life form of taifal.
Describe the life form of kathal.
Describe the life form of szerecsendió.
Describe the life form of múskat.
Describe the life form of pala.
Describe the life form of noce moscata.
Describe the life form of nikuzuku.
Describe the life form of pock kak.
Describe the life form of chan thed.
Describe the life form of buah pala.
Describe the life form of kembang pala.
Describe the life form of pokok pala.
Describe the life form of jayphal.
Describe the life form of muskatnøtt.
Describe the life form of noz moscada.
Describe the life form of muskatniy orekh.
Describe the life form of jatiphala.
Describe the life form of sadikka.
Describe the life form of moscada.
Describe the life form of nuez moscada.
Describe the life form of muskotnöt.
Describe the life form of duguan.
Describe the life form of chan thet.
Describe the life form of luk chand.
Describe the life form of chan ban.
Describe the life form of zati.
Describe the life form of dza ti.
Describe the life form of küçük hindistancevizi.
Describe the life form of mace.
Describe the life form of foelie.
Describe the life form of muskottikukka.
Describe the life form of fleur de muscade.
Describe the life form of macis.
Describe the life form of German Muskatblüte.
Describe the life form of jaypatri.
Describe the life form of javitri.
Describe the life form of javinthri.
Describe the life form of szerecsendió virág.
Describe the life form of múskath‡›i.
Describe the life form of masi.
Describe the life form of sekar pala.
Describe the life form of fuli.
Describe the life form of Norwegian muskatblomme.
Describe the life form of sushonaya shelukha.
Describe the life form of muskatnogo orekha.
Describe the life form of jatipatra.
Describe the life form of wasa-vasi.
Describe the life form of macia.
Describe the life form of muskotblomma.
Describe the life form of dok chand.
Describe the life form of dau khau.
Describe the life form of nhuc dau khau.
Describe the life form of parsley.
Describe the life form of persil.
Describe the life form of Petersilie.
Describe the life form of prezzemolo.
Describe the life form of perejil.
Describe the life form of persilja.
Describe the life form of persille.
Describe the life form of baqdunis.
Describe the life form of peterselie.
Describe the life form of salsa.
Describe the life form of pyetrushka.
Describe the life form of paseri.
Describe the life form of yang-hu-sui.
Describe the life form of Petroselini folium.
Describe the life form of Petroselini radix.
Describe the life form of black pepper.
Describe the life form of Madagascar pepper.
Describe the life form of pepper.
Describe the life form of pimienta.
Describe the life form of poivre.
Describe the life form of pfeffer.
Describe the life form of pimenta preta.
Describe the life form of pimenta do reino.
Describe the life form of peppar.
Describe the life form of filfil aswad.
Describe the life form of peper.
Describe the life form of pepe.
Describe the life form of pimenta.
Describe the life form of pyerets.
Describe the life form of kasho.
Describe the life form of hu-vhiao.
Describe the life form of patchouli.
Describe the life form of red clover.
Describe the life form of broad red clover.
Describe the life form of broad-leaved clover.
Describe the life form of purple clover.
Describe the life form of meadow clover.
Describe the life form of honey-stalks.
Describe the life form of honeysuckle clover.
Describe the life form of trefle des pres.
Describe the life form of trefle rouge.
Describe the life form of trefle commun.
Describe the life form of Rotklee.
Describe the life form of trifoglio pratense.
Describe the life form of raudkløver.
Describe the life form of rød-kløver.
Describe the life form of puna-apila.
Describe the life form of rau›smári.
Describe the life form of trevo dos prados.
Describe the life form of trebol comun.
Describe the life form of rödklöver.
Describe the life form of rödväpling.
Describe the life form of mjölontuppor.
Describe the life form of Trifolii albi et rubri flos.
Describe the life form of nasturtium.
Describe the life form of kappertjies.
Describe the life form of vanilla.
Describe the life form of vanille.
Describe the life form of baunilha.
Describe the life form of vaniglia.
Describe the life form of vanilj.
Describe the life form of wanila.
Describe the life form of banira.
Describe the life form of hsiang-Ts'ao.
Describe the life form of vanil'.
Describe the life form of vanilie.
Describe the life form of panili.
Describe the life form of anggrek.
Describe the life form of waanilaa.
Describe the life form of tlilxochitl.
Describe the life form of ginger.
Describe the life form of true ginger.
Describe the life form of stem ginger.
Describe the life form of Canton ginger.
Describe the life form of gingembre.
Describe the life form of gember.
Describe the life form of ingwer.
Describe the life form of zenzero.
Describe the life form of gengibre.
Describe the life form of beladi.
Describe the life form of mangarataia.
Describe the life form of jengibre.
Describe the life form of ingefaera.
Describe the life form of ingefær.
Describe the life form of zanjabil.
Describe the life form of imbir'.
Describe the life form of shoga.
Describe the life form of chiang.
Describe the life form of kopakai (Cook I).
Describe the life form of cagolaya ni vavalagi.
Describe the life form of poloi (Niue).
Describe the life form of 'ava pui.
Describe the life form of papasa (Simbo).
Describe the life form of pasapasa (Roviana).
Describe the life form of zingibil.
Describe the life form of dendabil.
Describe the life form of European oregano.
Describe the life form of wild majoram.
Describe the life form of winter marjoram.
Describe the life form of oregano.
Describe the life form of anrar.
Describe the life form of origan.
Describe the life form of dost.
Describe the life form of vild mejram.
Describe the life form of wilde marjolein.
Describe the life form of regamo.
Describe the life form of ouregao.
Describe the life form of dushitsa.
Describe the life form of Rungia.
Describe the life form of garden thyme.
Describe the life form of common thyme.
Describe the life form of thyme.
Describe the life form of thym.
Describe the life form of Thymian.
Describe the life form of tomillo.
Describe the life form of timjan.
Describe the life form of timian.
Describe the life form of sa'tar.
Describe the life form of tijm.
Describe the life form of timo.
Describe the life form of tomilho.
Describe the life form of tim'yan.
Describe the life form of jakoso.
Describe the life form of pai-li-hsiang.
Describe the life form of Thymi vulgaris herba.
Describe the life form of Aetherolum thymi.
Describe the life form of cloves.
Describe the life form of clove.
Describe the life form of tropical myrtle.
Describe the life form of clavo.
Describe the life form of girofle.
Describe the life form of clous de giroffle.
Describe the life form of clou de girofle.
Describe the life form of giroffles.
Describe the life form of giroflier.
Describe the life form of clavos de especial.
Describe the life form of clavero.
Describe the life form of cenkeh.
Describe the life form of lay-hnyin.
Describe the life form of khan phluu.
Describe the life form of kaanz phuu.
Describe the life form of kan phlu.
Describe the life form of dinh huong.
Describe the life form of Gewürznelke.
Describe the life form of Gewürznägelein.
Describe the life form of Kreidenelke.
Describe the life form of Nelke.
Describe the life form of Nägelein.
Describe the life form of kryddnejlika.
Describe the life form of krydder nelliker.
Describe the life form of qaranful.
Describe the life form of kruidnagel.
Describe the life form of garofano.
Describe the life form of chiodi di garofano.
Describe the life form of cravo.
Describe the life form of cvozdika.
Describe the life form of choji.
Describe the life form of ting-hsiang.
Describe the life form of karanfil.
Describe the life form of schafgarbe.
Describe the life form of millefeuille.
Describe the life form of yarrow.
Describe the life form of thousand-leaf.
Describe the life form of milfoil.
Describe the life form of Flores Millefolii.
Describe the life form of Herba Millefolii.
Describe the life form of Folia Millefolii.
Describe the life form of calamus.
Describe the life form of sweetflag.
Describe the life form of acore vrai.
Describe the life form of kalmus.
Describe the life form of bojo.
Describe the life form of kull.
Describe the life form of bach.
Describe the life form of makkalmoes.
Describe the life form of ikalamuzi.
Describe the life form of Rhizoma Calami mundatae.
Describe the life form of Rhizoma Calami crudae.
Describe the life form of Calami radix.
Describe the life form of wood garlic.
Describe the life form of ramsons.
Describe the life form of bear's garlic.
Describe the life form of gypsy onion.
Describe the life form of alho dos bosques.
Describe the life form of aloe.
Describe the life form of bitter aloe.
Describe the life form of bitteraalwyn.
Describe the life form of kaapse aalwyn.
Describe the life form of umhlaba.
Describe the life form of iNhlaba.
Describe the life form of iKhala.
Describe the life form of Lemon Verbena.
Describe the life form of southernwood.
Describe the life form of lad's love.
Describe the life form of old-man.
Describe the life form of brotan.
Describe the life form of abrotanum.
Describe the life form of abrotano.
Describe the life form of flor de Diana.
Describe the life form of erva lombrigueira.
Describe the life form of common wormwood.
Describe the life form of wormwood herb.
Describe the life form of mugwort.
Describe the life form of absinthe.
Describe the life form of Wermutkraut.
Describe the life form of absintio.
Describe the life form of sintro.
Describe the life form of losna maior.
Describe the life form of Herba Absinthii cum floribus.
Describe the life form of Absinthii folium.
Describe the life form of Absinthii herba.
Describe the life form of Aetheroleum absinthii.
Describe the life form of green ginger.
Describe the life form of yerba maestra.
Describe the life form of Ajenjo.
Describe the life form of Altamisa.
Describe the life form of estafiate.
Describe the life form of tarragon.
Describe the life form of dragonwort.
Describe the life form of estragon.
Describe the life form of dragon.
Describe the life form of tarkhun.
Describe the life form of targone.
Describe the life form of estragao.
Describe the life form of ai-hao.
Describe the life form of Dracunculi folium.
Describe the life form of Dracunculi herba.
Describe the life form of Aetheroleum dracunculi.
Describe the life form of tarragon.
Describe the life form of estragon.
Describe the life form of dragonwort.
Describe the life form of felonherb.
Describe the life form of sailor's-tobacco.
Describe the life form of mugwort.
Describe the life form of estragao.
Describe the life form of Artemisiae vulgaris herba.
Describe the life form of Artemisiae vulgaris radix.
Describe the life form of azolla.
Describe the life form of beo-dau.
Describe the life form of self-heal.
Describe the life form of Brazilwood.
Describe the life form of sappanwood.
Describe the life form of sappan.
Describe the life form of pau-Brasil.
Describe the life form of sapao.
Describe the life form of pau de sapao.
Describe the life form of bois sappan.
Describe the life form of gango.
Describe the life form of sappan Wood Tree.
Describe the life form of pot marigold.
Describe the life form of marigold calendula.
Describe the life form of Calendulae flos cum calycibus.
Describe the life form of Calendulae flos sine calycibus.
Describe the life form of Calendulae herba.
Describe the life form of heather.
Describe the life form of common heather.
Describe the life form of white heather.
Describe the life form of Scotch heather.
Describe the life form of moor beson.
Describe the life form of ling.
Describe the life form of bruyere.
Describe the life form of Besenheide.
Describe the life form of brugo.
Describe the life form of urze dos montes.
Describe the life form of urze ordinaria.
Describe the life form of carrasquinha.
Describe the life form of caluna.
Describe the life form of queiro'.
Describe the life form of magrica.
Describe the life form of mongarica.
Describe the life form of quebra-panelas.
Describe the life form of brezo.
Describe the life form of höstljung.
Describe the life form of røsslyng.
Describe the life form of hedelyng.
Describe the life form of kanerva.
Describe the life form of beitillyng.
Describe the life form of feverfew.
Describe the life form of Chrysanthemi parthenii herba.
Describe the life form of Chrysanthemi flos.
Describe the life form of cassia.
Describe the life form of Chinese cassia.
Describe the life form of Chinese cinnamon.
Describe the life form of canela de la China.
Describe the life form of cannelle de cochinchine.
Describe the life form of zimtkassie.
Describe the life form of kassia.
Describe the life form of darasini.
Describe the life form of bokei.
Describe the life form of kuei.
Describe the life form of kwei.
Describe the life form of blessed thistle.
Describe the life form of holy thistle.
Describe the life form of St. Benedict thistle.
Describe the life form of karmedic.
Describe the life form of chardon benit.
Describe the life form of Benediktendistel.
Describe the life form of Cardui benedicti herba.
Describe the life form of Cnici benedicti herba.
Describe the life form of saffron.
Describe the life form of safran.
Describe the life form of azafran.
Describe the life form of saffran.
Describe the life form of za'faran.
Describe the life form of saffraan.
Describe the life form of zafferano.
Describe the life form of acafrao.
Describe the life form of shafran.
Describe the life form of safuran.
Describe the life form of fan-hung-hua.
Describe the life form of Stigma Croci.
Describe the life form of kuma-kuma.
Describe the life form of sapran.
Describe the life form of romiet.
Describe the life form of cumin.
Describe the life form of cumin seed.
Describe the life form of comino.
Describe the life form of romischer kummel.
Describe the life form of spiskummin.
Describe the life form of kammun.
Describe the life form of komijn.
Describe the life form of cominho.
Describe the life form of kmin.
Describe the life form of ma-ch'in.
Describe the life form of asafoetida.
Describe the life form of devil's dung.
Describe the life form of assafetida.
Describe the life form of ingo.
Describe the life form of great yellow gentian.
Describe the life form of yellow gentian.
Describe the life form of bitterwort.
Describe the life form of gallweed.
Describe the life form of genciana das boticas.
Describe the life form of genciana da Europa.
Describe the life form of genciana das farmacias.
Describe the life form of gencionela.
Describe the life form of argencana dos pastores.
Describe the life form of liquorice.
Describe the life form of liquorice root.
Describe the life form of réglisse.
Describe the life form of Süssholz.
Describe the life form of soethoutwortel.
Describe the life form of mlomo-mnandi.
Describe the life form of mulaithi.
Describe the life form of khosha walgi.
Describe the life form of rubussusa.
Describe the life form of bikhe mahaka.
Describe the life form of liquirizia.
Describe the life form of regaliz.
Describe the life form of sweet wood.
Describe the life form of réglisse glabre.
Describe the life form of réglisse officinale.
Describe the life form of meyan kok.
Describe the life form of meyan otu.
Describe the life form of biyan kok.
Describe the life form of ayi kulozi.
Describe the life form of azrar azidane.
Describe the life form of shagaret es-sûs.
Describe the life form of erqsûs.
Describe the life form of hyssop.
Describe the life form of hysope.
Describe the life form of Ysop.
Describe the life form of Isop.
Describe the life form of Hyssopi herba.
Describe the life form of Aetheroleum hyssopi.
Describe the life form of ilex.
Describe the life form of English holly.
Describe the life form of European holly.
Describe the life form of Christmas holly.
Describe the life form of Dutch holly.
Describe the life form of houx.
Describe the life form of agrifoglio.
Describe the life form of Stechpalme.
Describe the life form of Stecheiche.
Describe the life form of Hülse.
Describe the life form of azevinho.
Describe the life form of pica-folha.
Describe the life form of zebro.
Describe the life form of teio.
Describe the life form of acebo.
Describe the life form of true lavender.
Describe the life form of lavender.
Describe the life form of lavande.
Describe the life form of Lavendel.
Describe the life form of lavanda.
Describe the life form of Lavandulae flos.
Describe the life form of Aetheroleum lavandulae.
Describe the life form of bladder-pod.
Describe the life form of Fendlers bladderpod.
Describe the life form of yellow-top.
Describe the life form of desert mustard.
Describe the life form of lemon-scented verbena.
Describe the life form of Luiza.
Describe the life form of barsunga.
Describe the life form of pindosin.
Describe the life form of pyim daw thein.
Describe the life form of karry blad.
Describe the life form of kerriebladeren.
Describe the life form of curry leaves.
Describe the life form of nim leaves.
Describe the life form of feuilles de Cari.
Describe the life form of feuilles de curry.
Describe the life form of caloupilé (Réunion).
Describe the life form of carripoulé (Ile Maurice).
Describe the life form of Curryblätter.
Describe the life form of mitho limdo.
Describe the life form of meetha neem.
Describe the life form of kari patta.
Describe the life form of katneem.
Describe the life form of bursunga.
Describe the life form of curry levelek.
Describe the life form of karrílauf.
Describe the life form of daun kari.
Describe the life form of fogli di Cari.
Describe the life form of karibevu.
Describe the life form of khi be.
Describe the life form of daun kari pla.
Describe the life form of karupillam.
Describe the life form of kareapela.
Describe the life form of karipat.
Describe the life form of karhi patta.
Describe the life form of basango.
Describe the life form of bowala.
Describe the life form of girinimba.
Describe the life form of suravi.
Describe the life form of karapincha.
Describe the life form of hoja.
Describe the life form of bizari.
Describe the life form of mchuzi.
Describe the life form of bignay.
Describe the life form of karuvepila.
Describe the life form of karuveppilai.
Describe the life form of karepeku.
Describe the life form of karivepaku.
Describe the life form of bai karee.
Describe the life form of chalcas koenigii.
Describe the life form of common myrtle.
Describe the life form of fennel-flower.
Describe the life form of black cumin.
Describe the life form of black caraway.
Describe the life form of gith.
Describe the life form of nutmeg flower.
Describe the life form of ragged lady.
Describe the life form of Roman coriander.
Describe the life form of kalonji.
Describe the life form of nigelle de Crete.
Describe the life form of schwarzkuemmel.
Describe the life form of nigela.
Describe the life form of garidela.
Describe the life form of cominho negro.
Describe the life form of ajenuz.
Describe the life form of aranue.
Describe the life form of tikur-azmud.
Describe the life form of holy basil.
Describe the life form of sacred basil.
Describe the life form of monk's basil.
Describe the life form of Ocimi Tenuiflori Folium.
Describe the life form of albahaca.
Describe the life form of balanoy.
Describe the life form of solasi.
Describe the life form of sulasi.
Describe the life form of kolon-kogon.
Describe the life form of biday.
Describe the life form of domele.
Describe the life form of tulsi.
Describe the life form of e do.
Describe the life form of e tia.
Describe the life form of huong nhu tía.
Describe the life form of ho kwo su.
Describe the life form of ho tu plu.
Describe the life form of kraphrao.
Describe the life form of kamangi.
Describe the life form of kamangkau.
Describe the life form of lampes.
Describe the life form of luku-luku.
Describe the life form of magau.
Describe the life form of malinau.
Describe the life form of tulsipatra.
Describe the life form of kaataigau.
Describe the life form of kolokoko.
Describe the life form of kalikago.
Describe the life form of kaluoy.
Describe the life form of stubwort.
Describe the life form of wood shamrock.
Describe the life form of Irish shamrock.
Describe the life form of sour trefoil.
Describe the life form of sleeping clover.
Describe the life form of hallelujah.
Describe the life form of azeda.
Describe the life form of oxalide.
Describe the life form of oxalida.
Describe the life form of wood sorrel.
Describe the life form of rose geranium.
Describe the life form of bourbon geranium.
Describe the life form of perilla.
Describe the life form of beefsteak plant.
Describe the life form of Chinese basil.
Describe the life form of rattlesnake weed.
Describe the life form of purple common perilla.
Describe the life form of shiso.
Describe the life form of wild basil.
Describe the life form of zi su.
Describe the life form of tyu ssu.
Describe the life form of yeh ssu.
Describe the life form of chi ssu.
Describe the life form of kinesisk mynte.
Describe the life form of veripeippi.
Describe the life form of schwarznessel.
Describe the life form of Chinesische melisse.
Describe the life form of bhanjira.
Describe the life form of Kínai bazsalikom.
Describe the life form of vad szezám.
Describe the life form of daun shiso.
Describe the life form of egoma.
Describe the life form of aka-shiso.
Describe the life form of akajiso.
Describe the life form of ao-shiso.
Describe the life form of aojiso.
Describe the life form of kkaennip.
Describe the life form of tulkkae.
Describe the life form of nga chien chin.
Describe the life form of nga chieng.
Describe the life form of bladmynta.
Describe the life form of nag-mon.
Describe the life form of nga-khi-mon.
Describe the life form of tia to.
Describe the life form of la tia to.
Describe the life form of tu to.
Describe the life form of anise.
Describe the life form of anise seed.
Describe the life form of anis.
Describe the life form of yanisun.
Describe the life form of anijs.
Describe the life form of anice.
Describe the life form of erva-doce.
Describe the life form of huei-hsiang.
Describe the life form of Anisi fructus.
Describe the life form of Aetheroleum anisi.
Describe the life form of burnet saxifrage.
Describe the life form of mountain pine.
Describe the life form of Swiss mountain pine.
Describe the life form of dwarf mountain pine.
Describe the life form of dwarf pine.
Describe the life form of Mugho pine.
Describe the life form of knee pine.
Describe the life form of creeping pine.
Describe the life form of pin de montagne.
Describe the life form of pino montano.
Describe the life form of Bergkiefer.
Describe the life form of Latsche.
Describe the life form of pinheiro de Mugo.
Describe the life form of Indian long pepper.
Describe the life form of jaborandi pepper.
Describe the life form of pippali.
Describe the life form of thippali.
Describe the life form of piper.
Describe the life form of pepper long.
Describe the life form of Piperis Langi Fructus.
Describe the life form of mastic tree.
Describe the life form of lentisk.
Describe the life form of mastich.
Describe the life form of pistachio.
Describe the life form of lentisque.
Describe the life form of mastikboom.
Describe the life form of lentisco.
Describe the life form of mastixbaum.
Describe the life form of mastixstrauch.
Describe the life form of lentisco verdadeiro.
Describe the life form of almacegueira.
Describe the life form of daro.
Describe the life form of daroeira.
Describe the life form of aroeira da praia.
Describe the life form of mastiktræ.
Describe the life form of common polypody.
Describe the life form of false acacia.
Describe the life form of bastard acacia.
Describe the life form of black locust.
Describe the life form of faux acacia.
Describe the life form of Akazie.
Describe the life form of robinie.
Describe the life form of falsk acacie.
Describe the life form of robinia.
Describe the life form of acacia bastarda.
Describe the life form of robinia falsa acacia.
Describe the life form of acacia para-sol.
Describe the life form of Robiniae pseudoacaciae flos.
Describe the life form of rosemary.
Describe the life form of rosmarin.
Describe the life form of rosmarino.
Describe the life form of romero.
Describe the life form of romarin.
Describe the life form of iklil al-jabal.
Describe the life form of rozemarijn.
Describe the life form of alecrim.
Describe the life form of rozmarin.
Describe the life form of mannenro.
Describe the life form of mi-teih-hsiang.
Describe the life form of sheeps sorrel.
Describe the life form of garden sorrel.
Describe the life form of sour dock.
Describe the life form of oseille de jardin.
Describe the life form of azedinha da horta.
Describe the life form of Rumicis herba.
Describe the life form of Rumicis fructus.
Describe the life form of Rumicis radix.
Describe the life form of clary sage.
Describe the life form of clary.
Describe the life form of clear-eye sage.
Describe the life form of see-bright.
Describe the life form of eyelright.
Describe the life form of muscatel sage.
Describe the life form of sauge sclaree.
Describe the life form of muskatellersalbei.
Describe the life form of esclareia.
Describe the life form of garden burnet.
Describe the life form of salad burnet.
Describe the life form of toper's-plant.
Describe the life form of pimpinela de Italia.
Describe the life form of summer savory.
Describe the life form of savory leaves.
Describe the life form of savory.
Describe the life form of sarriette.
Describe the life form of Bohnenkraut.
Describe the life form of ajedrea.
Describe the life form of kyndel.
Describe the life form of nadgh.
Describe the life form of bonenkruid.
Describe the life form of santoreggia.
Describe the life form of segurelha.
Describe the life form of chabyor.
Describe the life form of hsiang po ho.
Describe the life form of Saturejae herba.
Describe the life form of Aetheroleum saturejae.
Describe the life form of hairy-fruited eggplant.
Describe the life form of Malaysian sunplant.
Describe the life form of sweet weed.
Describe the life form of sweet plant.
Describe the life form of sugar leaf.
Describe the life form of sweet leaf.
Describe the life form of honey leaf (Kaaíhe-E).
Describe the life form of honey grass.
Describe the life form of Ka´a He´e.
Describe the life form of Stevia.
Describe the life form of sweet herb (Caaí-ehe).
Describe the life form of caa-he-e.
Describe the life form of caa-ehe.
Describe the life form of caa-hee.
Describe the life form of ca-jhe-e.
Describe the life form of azuca-caa.
Describe the life form of ca-a-yupe.
Describe the life form of kaa-he-e.
Describe the life form of kaa-hee.
Describe the life form of ka-he-e.
Describe the life form of yerba dulce.
Describe the life form of tansy.
Describe the life form of alecost.
Describe the life form of golden buttons.
Describe the life form of balsamin.
Describe the life form of rejnfan.
Describe the life form of atanasia das boticas.
Describe the life form of tanaceto.
Describe the life form of tanasia.
Describe the life form of balsamina.
Describe the life form of Tanaceti herba.
Describe the life form of Tanaceti flos.
Describe the life form of aidan tree.
Describe the life form of wall germander.
Describe the life form of ædel kortlæbe.
Describe the life form of camedrios.
Describe the life form of erva carvalhinha.
Describe the life form of germander.
Describe the life form of thyme.
Describe the life form of wild thyme.
Describe the life form of mother of thyme.
Describe the life form of serpolet.
Describe the life form of thym sauvage.
Describe the life form of Thymian.
Describe the life form of wilder Thymian.
Describe the life form of timian.
Describe the life form of nib.
Describe the life form of mwarubaini.
Describe the life form of barwood.
Describe the life form of camwood.
Describe the life form of African sandalwood.
Describe the life form of baru.
Describe the life form of yellow tree bauhinia.
Describe the life form of angelica roxa.
Describe the life form of common teasel.
Describe the life form of Fuller's teasel.
Describe the life form of Fuller's thistle.
Describe the life form of Fuller's card.
Describe the life form of Draper's teasel.
Describe the life form of wild teasel.
Describe the life form of English teasel.
Describe the life form of Indian teasel.
Describe the life form of Venus'- basin.
Describe the life form of Venus'- bath.
Describe the life form of clothier's-brush.
Describe the life form of huttonweed.
Describe the life form of wood broom.
Describe the life form of wilde karde.
Describe the life form of cardo penteador bravo.
Describe the life form of dipsaco.
Describe the life form of kardvädd.
Describe the life form of vild kardvädd.
Describe the life form of kardeborre.
Describe the life form of gærde-kartebolle.
Describe the life form of pikarikarttaohdake.
Describe the life form of rue.
Describe the life form of garden rue.
Describe the life form of herb of grace.
Describe the life form of wynruit.
Describe the life form of binnewortel.
Describe the life form of Rutae herba.
Describe the life form of glacier wormwood.
Describe the life form of Alpine wormwood.
Describe the life form of genepi.
Describe the life form of butterwort.
Describe the life form of trumpet gentian.
Describe the life form of stemless gentian.
Describe the life form of gentianella.
Describe the life form of genziana.
Describe the life form of gentiane.
Describe the life form of genciana dos jardins.
Describe the life form of gencianela.
Describe the life form of genciana.
Describe the life form of blauer Enzian.
Describe the life form of masterwort.
Describe the life form of knob wood.
Describe the life form of iguga.
Describe the life form of popioe.
Describe the life form of mjafari.
Describe the life form of abelmosk.
Describe the life form of musk mallow.
Describe the life form of mushkdan.
Describe the life form of muskdana.
Describe the life form of kasturi bhendi.
Describe the life form of gukhia korai.
Describe the life form of kasturi bhenda.
Describe the life form of kattukasturi.
Describe the life form of varttilai kasturi.
Describe the life form of lalkasturika.
Describe the life form of musk okra.
Describe the life form of ambrette.
Describe the life form of abelmosco.
Describe the life form of ambreta.
Describe the life form of rosa almiscarada.
Describe the life form of quiabo cheiroso.
Describe the life form of kasturi.
Describe the life form of gombo musqué.
Describe the life form of ketmie musquée.
Describe the life form of graine de musc.
Describe the life form of kamang.
Describe the life form of kaŒmang.
Describe the life form of karereon.
Describe the life form of karereon nikapwerik nik.
Describe the life form of kareron.
Describe the life form of likonokon.
Describe the life form of gongul.
Describe the life form of metei.
Describe the life form of mety.
Describe the life form of methey.
Describe the life form of hathongethong.
Describe the life form of kamwayang.
Describe the life form of nikapwerik.
Describe the life form of setmwechin.
Describe the life form of sotumo.
Describe the life form of wakiwaki.
Describe the life form of wakewake.
Describe the life form of wakeke.
Describe the life form of vakeke.
Describe the life form of aukiki.
Describe the life form of oŒeŒe.
Describe the life form of fou ingo.
Describe the life form of fau ingo.
Describe the life form of Œaute toga.
Describe the life form of fau tagaloa.
Describe the life form of fua samasama.
Describe the life form of loa.
Describe the life form of fauŒingo.
Describe the life form of tropical jewel-hibiscus.
Describe the life form of Ellington curse.
Describe the life form of klu.
Describe the life form of cassie.
Describe the life form of espino blanco.
Describe the life form of aroma.
Describe the life form of popinac.
Describe the life form of kandaroma.
Describe the life form of kolu.
Describe the life form of vaivai vaka-vatona.
Describe the life form of vaivai vakavotona.
Describe the life form of ban baburi.
Describe the life form of oki.
Describe the life form of te kaibakoa (Kiribati).
Describe the life form of debena (Nauru).
Describe the life form of mimosa bush.
Describe the life form of needle bush.
Describe the life form of sweet acacia.
Describe the life form of Prickly Moses.
Describe the life form of Perfumed wattle.
Describe the life form of Cassie flower.
Describe the life form of Sweet Mimosa Bush.
Describe the life form of Sponge flower.
Describe the life form of Scented Wattle.
Describe the life form of lebbek tree.
Describe the life form of siris-tree.
Describe the life form of rain tree.
Describe the life form of East Indian walnut.
Describe the life form of woman's-tongue tree.
Describe the life form of woman's tongue tree.
Describe the life form of chatterbox tree.
Describe the life form of kokko.
Describe the life form of bois noir.
Describe the life form of cha-cha.
Describe the life form of langue de vieille femme.
Describe the life form of ébénier d'orient.
Describe the life form of acacia de lebbek.
Describe the life form of albizia.
Describe the life form of acacia siras.
Describe the life form of coracao de negro.
Describe the life form of pau-negro.
Describe the life form of ebano oriental.
Describe the life form of devil's tree.
Describe the life form of white cheesewood tree.
Describe the life form of alstonia.
Describe the life form of dita bark tree.
Describe the life form of Australian fever bark tree.
Describe the life form of Australian quinine bark tree.
Describe the life form of bitter-bark tree.
Describe the life form of blackboard tree.
Describe the life form of chatiyan wood.
Describe the life form of shaitan.
Describe the life form of chattun.
Describe the life form of chatian.
Describe the life form of chhatiwan.
Describe the life form of chatiwan.
Describe the life form of tin pet.
Describe the life form of dita.
Describe the life form of khaaniqat al-kalab.
Describe the life form of shajaratah fi asya al-harrah.
Describe the life form of scholarsi.
Describe the life form of may màn.
Describe the life form of mò cua.
Describe the life form of mùa cua.
Describe the life form of co tin pát.
Describe the life form of palai.
Describe the life form of pasuit.
Describe the life form of phaya sattaban.
Describe the life form of sattaban.
Describe the life form of polai.
Describe the life form of sachina.
Describe the life form of satavan.
Describe the life form of satuna.
Describe the life form of alipauen.
Describe the life form of dalipauen.
Describe the life form of lava.
Describe the life form of lipauen.
Describe the life form of dirita.
Describe the life form of tanitan.
Describe the life form of tangitang.
Describe the life form of andarayan.
Describe the life form of voplai.
Describe the life form of chatina (santal).
Describe the life form of saptaparni (kandha).
Describe the life form of dubedi (kandha).
Describe the life form of candle bush.
Describe the life form of candalabra bush.
Describe the life form of candle stick.
Describe the life form of craw craw plant.
Describe the life form of christmas candle shrub.
Describe the life form of empress candle plant.
Describe the life form of ringworm bush.
Describe the life form of ringworm shrub.
Describe the life form of roman candletree.
Describe the life form of senna.
Describe the life form of winged senna.
Describe the life form of Cassia Alatae Folium.
Describe the life form of andadasi.
Describe the life form of andadasi-ng-bugbugtong.
Describe the life form of andadasl-a-dadakkel.
Describe the life form of bai nicagi.
Describe the life form of cây lâc.
Describe the life form of muòng trâu.
Describe the life form of chumhet thet.
Describe the life form of chumhet yai.
Describe the life form of dadmurdan.
Describe the life form of gelenggang.
Describe the life form of gamot sa buni.
Describe the life form of pakagonkon.
Describe the life form of katanda.
Describe the life form of katandang aso.
Describe the life form of kapurko.
Describe the life form of acapulko.
Describe the life form of akapulko.
Describe the life form of bayabas-bayabasab.
Describe the life form of ketepeng cina.
Describe the life form of la'au fai lafa.
Describe the life form of mulamula.
Describe the life form of pakayomkon kastila.
Describe the life form of ta si pho.
Describe the life form of te'elango.
Describe the life form of she oak.
Describe the life form of south sea ironwood.
Describe the life form of horsetail tree.
Describe the life form of nokonoko.
Describe the life form of te katurina.
Describe the life form of toa.
Describe the life form of Australian pine.
Describe the life form of ironwood.
Describe the life form of periwinkle.
Describe the life form of Madagascar periwinkle.
Describe the life form of Cape periwinkle.
Describe the life form of red periwinkle.
Describe the life form of vinca.
Describe the life form of West Indian cedar.
Describe the life form of Spanish cedar.
Describe the life form of Barbados cedar.
Describe the life form of Mexican cedar.
Describe the life form of Honduras cedar.
Describe the life form of kulche.
Describe the life form of cedro do Mexico.
Describe the life form of cedro cheiroso.
Describe the life form of cedro femea.
Describe the life form of cedrela.
Describe the life form of quinine tree.
Describe the life form of cascarilla.
Describe the life form of quinquina rouge.
Describe the life form of Chinarindenbaum.
Describe the life form of Chinarinde.
Describe the life form of Fieberrinde.
Describe the life form of camphor tree.
Describe the life form of camphor.
Describe the life form of Japanese camphor.
Describe the life form of camphrier.
Describe the life form of camphre.
Describe the life form of alcanforero.
Describe the life form of alcanfor.
Describe the life form of arbol del alcanfor.
Describe the life form of arvore da camphora.
Describe the life form of árvore-da-camphora.
Describe the life form of xiang zhang shu.
Describe the life form of zhang.
Describe the life form of zhang shu.
Describe the life form of campher.
Describe the life form of kampferbaum.
Describe the life form of karpuram.
Describe the life form of karpoora.
Describe the life form of pacchakarpuram.
Describe the life form of albero della canfora.
Describe the life form of canfora.
Describe the life form of canforo.
Describe the life form of lauro canforo.
Describe the life form of kuso no ki.
Describe the life form of karpura.
Describe the life form of kapuur.
Describe the life form of kamfornii derevo.
Describe the life form of kamformii lavr.
Describe the life form of korihnik kamfornii.
Describe the life form of karpuramu.
Describe the life form of kafur.
Describe the life form of patckafur.
Describe the life form of sunn hemp.
Describe the life form of Bengal hemp.
Describe the life form of chinchín.
Describe the life form of couch grass.
Describe the life form of Bermuda grass.
Describe the life form of green couch.
Describe the life form of wiregrass.
Describe the life form of devilgrass.
Describe the life form of chepica brave.
Describe the life form of came de niño.
Describe the life form of pate de perdiz.
Describe the life form of gramilla blanca.
Describe the life form of hierba-fina.
Describe the life form of kabuta.
Describe the life form of kweekgras.
Describe the life form of durba.
Describe the life form of khabbal ghass.
Describe the life form of dhoub grass.
Describe the life form of griming.
Describe the life form of tigriston.
Describe the life form of thornapple.
Describe the life form of stramonium.
Describe the life form of jimson weed.
Describe the life form of Jamestown weed.
Describe the life form of Jamestown lily.
Describe the life form of devil's trumpet.
Describe the life form of stinkweed.
Describe the life form of pomme épineuse.
Describe the life form of datura.
Describe the life form of stechapfel.
Describe the life form of estramonio.
Describe the life form of alhendros.
Describe the life form of figueira do Inferno.
Describe the life form of zabumba.
Describe the life form of mamoninho bravo.
Describe the life form of mamoninho de carneiro.
Describe the life form of nafir.
Describe the life form of taturah.
Describe the life form of tabourzigt.
Describe the life form of tidilla.
Describe the life form of stromoine.
Describe the life form of herbe aux sorcières.
Describe the life form of dature.
Describe the life form of herbe du diable.
Describe the life form of pomme du diable.
Describe the life form of tollkraut.
Describe the life form of spikklubba.
Describe the life form of piggeple.
Describe the life form of pigæble.
Describe the life form of hulluruoho.
Describe the life form of attefaris.
Describe the life form of astenagrt.
Describe the life form of Royal poinciana.
Describe the life form of flamboyant tree.
Describe the life form of flamboyant acacia.
Describe the life form of gul mohur.
Describe the life form of fancy-Anna.
Describe the life form of flame tree.
Describe the life form of peacock flower.
Describe the life form of flamboyante.
Describe the life form of flamboyán.
Describe the life form of acacia flamejante.
Describe the life form of flamboiante.
Describe the life form of acacia rubra.
Describe the life form of poinciana.
Describe the life form of flor de pavao.
Describe the life form of arbol del fuego.
Describe the life form of atbot (Guam).
Describe the life form of atbut.
Describe the life form of atbot det fuegu.
Describe the life form of nangiosákura (Palau).
Describe the life form of nangyo.
Describe the life form of pilampwoia weitahta (Pohnpei).
Describe the life form of sakuranirow (Yap).
Describe the life form of sekoula (Fiji).
Describe the life form of ohai'.
Describe the life form of Œohai.
Describe the life form of ngatipa (Cook Islands).
Describe the life form of avarua (Rarotonga.
Describe the life form of Cook Islands).
Describe the life form of fayarbaw (CNMIˆCarolinian).
Describe the life form of puke (Tahiti).
Describe the life form of ohai Œula.
Describe the life form of pine.
Describe the life form of wase.
Describe the life form of usi.
Describe the life form of coral tree.
Describe the life form of Indian coral tree.
Describe the life form of flame tree.
Describe the life form of gatai.
Describe the life form of narara.
Describe the life form of gatae Samoa.
Describe the life form of Balbal.
Describe the life form of red river gum (Southern Provenances).
Describe the life form of Murray red gum.
Describe the life form of Australian kino.
Describe the life form of river gum.
Describe the life form of rostrato.
Describe the life form of eucalipto rostrato.
Describe the life form of swamp mahogany.
Describe the life form of mahogany gum.
Describe the life form of stringybark.
Describe the life form of gunnung.
Describe the life form of gliricidia.
Describe the life form of glory cedar.
Describe the life form of gloricidia.
Describe the life form of mother of cacao.
Describe the life form of quickstick.
Describe the life form of madre de cacao.
Describe the life form of sunflower.
Describe the life form of Italian girasole.
Describe the life form of cut-and-come-again.
Describe the life form of sonneblom.
Describe the life form of girasol.
Describe the life form of tournesol.
Describe the life form of girassol.
Describe the life form of xiangrikui.
Describe the life form of Sonnenblume.
Describe the life form of girasole.
Describe the life form of surajmukhi.
Describe the life form of zonnebloem.
Describe the life form of auringonkukka.
Describe the life form of Helianthi flos.
Describe the life form of surya mukhi.
Describe the life form of one one.
Describe the life form of mangrove.
Describe the life form of u'ula.
Describe the life form of kwila.
Describe the life form of physic nut.
Describe the life form of purging nut.
Describe the life form of tartago.
Describe the life form of pourghère.
Describe the life form of pignon d'Inde.
Describe the life form of yu lu tzu.
Describe the life form of habel meluk.
Describe the life form of bagbherenda.
Describe the life form of purgueira.
Describe the life form of mundubi assu (Br).
Describe the life form of fagiola d'India.
Describe the life form of purgiernuss.
Describe the life form of purgeernoot.
Describe the life form of laupata.
Describe the life form of fiki.
Describe the life form of purgeerboontjie.
Describe the life form of mbono.
Describe the life form of mafuredonga.
Describe the life form of inhlakuva.
Describe the life form of mathlapametse.
Describe the life form of cantal muluung.
Describe the life form of sabuu dam.
Describe the life form of jarak pagar.
Describe the life form of parvaranda.
Describe the life form of ba dau me.
Describe the life form of pe fo tze.
Describe the life form of ramjeevan.
Describe the life form of henna.
Describe the life form of melaleuca.
Describe the life form of broad-leafed paperbark tree.
Describe the life form of five-veined paperbark.
Describe the life form of broad-leaved paperbark (Australia).
Describe the life form of paperbark tea-tree (Australia).
Describe the life form of belbowrie (Australia).
Describe the life form of numbah (Australia).
Describe the life form of broad-leaved tea-tree (Australia).
Describe the life form of white bottlebrush (USA).
Describe the life form of opepe.
Describe the life form of West African boxwood.
Describe the life form of sarcocefalo.
Describe the life form of common oleander.
Describe the life form of oleander.
Describe the life form of rose laurel.
Describe the life form of rose bay.
Describe the life form of French willow.
Describe the life form of South-Sea rose.
Describe the life form of sweet oleander.
Describe the life form of sweet-scented oleander.
Describe the life form of te orian.
Describe the life form of oleandro.
Describe the life form of pride of Ceylon.
Describe the life form of dafla.
Describe the life form of oleandre.
Describe the life form of laurier-rose.
Describe the life form of loendro.
Describe the life form of loendro da India.
Describe the life form of loendro de cheiro.
Describe the life form of adelfa.
Describe the life form of espirradeira.
Describe the life form of loureiro-rosa.
Describe the life form of nerio.
Describe the life form of betel.
Describe the life form of betel leaf.
Describe the life form of betel leaf pepper.
Describe the life form of betel leaf vine.
Describe the life form of betel vine.
Describe the life form of betel pepper.
Describe the life form of Piper Folium.
Describe the life form of alfavaca de cobra.
Describe the life form of cobrinha.
Describe the life form of wara tumbul.
Describe the life form of buyo.
Describe the life form of buyo-buyo.
Describe the life form of buyo anis.
Describe the life form of ikmo.
Describe the life form of ikmong iloko.
Describe the life form of itmo.
Describe the life form of manin.
Describe the life form of buyog.
Describe the life form of buyu.
Describe the life form of gaoed.
Describe the life form of gaued.
Describe the life form of gok.
Describe the life form of kanisi(bisayan).
Describe the life form of manon(bisayan).
Describe the life form of lau.
Describe the life form of mjàu.
Describe the life form of thô lau dàng.
Describe the life form of trâu không.
Describe the life form of trâu cay.
Describe the life form of trâu luong.
Describe the life form of namat.
Describe the life form of nanin(bisayan).
Describe the life form of paan.
Describe the life form of pan.
Describe the life form of tambuli.
Describe the life form of tanbol.
Describe the life form of phlu.
Describe the life form of samat.
Describe the life form of samok.
Describe the life form of se keh.
Describe the life form of serih.
Describe the life form of kava.
Describe the life form of yaqona.
Describe the life form of yangona.
Describe the life form of ava.
Describe the life form of 'ava.
Describe the life form of 'eva inu.
Describe the life form of arwa.
Describe the life form of ava-kava.
Describe the life form of kava-kava.
Describe the life form of yagona.
Describe the life form of lance-leaved plantain.
Describe the life form of narrow-leaf plantain.
Describe the life form of buckhorn plantain.
Describe the life form of rat-tail plantain.
Describe the life form of English plantain.
Describe the life form of ribgrass.
Describe the life form of ribwort.
Describe the life form of ribwort plantain.
Describe the life form of ripplegrass.
Describe the life form of petit plantain.
Describe the life form of Spitzwegerich.
Describe the life form of smalblaarplantago.
Describe the life form of smalweeblaar.
Describe the life form of oorpynhoutjie.
Describe the life form of athan el-kabsh.
Describe the life form of great hen plant.
Describe the life form of plantain lancéole.
Describe the life form of oreille de lievre.
Describe the life form of tanchagem menor.
Describe the life form of corrijo'.
Describe the life form of Plantaginis lanceolatae folium.
Describe the life form of oorpynynhoutjie.
Describe the life form of smalblaar-plantago.
Describe the life form of indlebe-kathekwane encane.
Describe the life form of common plantain.
Describe the life form of broad-leaved plantain.
Describe the life form of greater plantain.
Describe the life form of lamb's foot.
Describe the life form of whiteman's-foot.
Describe the life form of door-yard plantain.
Describe the life form of healing blade.
Describe the life form of cart-track plant.
Describe the life form of waybread.
Describe the life form of platvoet.
Describe the life form of tanchagem maior.
Describe the life form of bolila.
Describe the life form of indlebe-kathekwane enkulu.
Describe the life form of Breitwegerich.
Describe the life form of Plantaginis majoris folium.
Describe the life form of Indian beech.
Describe the life form of oil tree.
Describe the life form of poonga-oil-tree.
Describe the life form of seashore mempari.
Describe the life form of karum tree.
Describe the life form of arbre de pongolote.
Describe the life form of báni.
Describe the life form of kanji.
Describe the life form of karanj.
Describe the life form of papar.
Describe the life form of daay kim.
Describe the life form of saam hoa.
Describe the life form of biansu.
Describe the life form of ki pahang laut.
Describe the life form of melapari.
Describe the life form of dok kom koi.
Describe the life form of mempare.
Describe the life form of pongu.
Describe the life form of pongam.
Describe the life form of ko:m ko:y.
Describe the life form of day lim.
Describe the life form of day mau.
Describe the life form of khoor.
Describe the life form of karanga.
Describe the life form of mangrove.
Describe the life form of red mangrove.
Describe the life form of American mangrove.
Describe the life form of tiriwai.
Describe the life form of mangrove.
Describe the life form of West Indian mahogany.
Describe the life form of mahogany.
Describe the life form of Cuban mahogany.
Describe the life form of Dominican mahogany.
Describe the life form of small leaf mahogany.
Describe the life form of West Indies mahogany.
Describe the life form of caoba.
Describe the life form of caoba de Santo.
Describe the life form of domingo.
Describe the life form of acajou.
Describe the life form of mahagni.
Describe the life form of mahok.
Describe the life form of cheriamahogany.
Describe the life form of yellow bells.
Describe the life form of geelklokkies.
Describe the life form of tacoma.
Describe the life form of chevalye.
Describe the life form of flé senpié.
Describe the life form of zeb sennikola.
Describe the life form of ginger thomas.
Describe the life form of tecoma.
Describe the life form of yellow bignonia.
Describe the life form of yellow cedar.
Describe the life form of yellow elder.
Describe the life form of yellow trumpet tree.
Describe the life form of yellow trumpet flower.
Describe the life form of chevalier.
Describe the life form of fleur de St. Pierre.
Describe the life form of herbe de St. Nicholas.
Describe the life form of tecoma amarela.
Describe the life form of tronadora.
Describe the life form of ipezinho.
Describe the life form of amarelinho.
Describe the life form of roble amarillo.
Describe the life form of saúco amarillo.
Describe the life form of teak.
Describe the life form of tiki.
Describe the life form of fish poison bean.
Describe the life form of fish bean.
Describe the life form of cafoto.
Describe the life form of banca'.
Describe the life form of Eastern white cedar.
Describe the life form of American arborvitae.
Describe the life form of false white cedar.
Describe the life form of Northern white cedar.
Describe the life form of tree of life.
Describe the life form of thuya du Canada.
Describe the life form of tuia americana.
Describe the life form of glossy bersama.
Describe the life form of glossy white ash.
Describe the life form of undiyaza.
Describe the life form of blinkblaarwitessenhout.
Describe the life form of marjoram.
Describe the life form of sweet majoram.
Describe the life form of marjolaine.
Describe the life form of majoran.
Describe the life form of amaraco.
Describe the life form of mejram.
Describe the life form of marzanjush.
Describe the life form of marjolein.
Describe the life form of maggiorana.
Describe the life form of manjerona.
Describe the life form of mayoran.
Describe the life form of mayorana.
Describe the life form of ma-yueh-lan-hua.
Describe the life form of sage.
Describe the life form of common sage.
Describe the life form of sauge.
Describe the life form of Salbei.
Describe the life form of salvia.
Describe the life form of mariyamiya.
Describe the life form of salie.
Describe the life form of salva.
Describe the life form of shalfey.
Describe the life form of ching-chieh.
Describe the life form of Salviae folium.
Describe the life form of Salviae herba.
Describe the life form of Aetheroleum salviae.
Describe the life form of hairy indigo.
Describe the life form of anileira felpuda.
Describe the life form of silver fir.
Describe the life form of abete.
Describe the life form of abete bianco.
Describe the life form of Tanne.
Describe the life form of Weisstanne.
Describe the life form of sapin argente.
Describe the life form of abeto blanco.
Describe the life form of Christmastree.
Describe the life form of European silver fir.
Describe the life form of white fir.
Describe the life form of sapin blanc.
Describe the life form of Silbertanne.
Describe the life form of abete argentato.
Describe the life form of black cutch.
Describe the life form of catechu.
Describe the life form of Cutch.
Describe the life form of Dark Catechu.
Describe the life form of Black Catechu.
Describe the life form of sweet thorn.
Describe the life form of soetdoring.
Describe the life form of doringboom.
Describe the life form of karoodoring.
Describe the life form of witdoring.
Describe the life form of mimosa thorn.
Describe the life form of cape thorn tree.
Describe the life form of karoo-thorn.
Describe the life form of white thorn.
Describe the life form of umNga.
Describe the life form of isiKhombe.
Describe the life form of mooka.
Describe the life form of mookana.
Describe the life form of isinga.
Describe the life form of leoka.
Describe the life form of munga.
Describe the life form of muunga.
Describe the life form of muunga-ludzi.
Describe the life form of umunga.
Describe the life form of groendoring.
Describe the life form of munenge.
Describe the life form of mubayamhondoro.
Describe the life form of orusu.
Describe the life form of Egyptian thorn.
Describe the life form of red heat.
Describe the life form of scented-pod acacia.
Describe the life form of Nile acacia.
Describe the life form of thorn.
Describe the life form of scented thorn.
Describe the life form of babul acacia.
Describe the life form of Arabic gumtree.
Describe the life form of Egyptian mimosa.
Describe the life form of Prickly acacia.
Describe the life form of gommier rouge.
Describe the life form of Acacia d'Arabie.
Describe the life form of Acacia de Cayenne.
Describe the life form of acacia a gomme.
Describe the life form of acacia d'Egypte.
Describe the life form of gommier d'Egypte.
Describe the life form of arabische Akazie.
Describe the life form of gummi- Akazie.
Describe the life form of Aegyptische Akazie.
Describe the life form of kudupod.
Describe the life form of stinkpeul.
Describe the life form of fulissa (Ethiopia).
Describe the life form of ruikperul.
Describe the life form of garad.
Describe the life form of sant.
Describe the life form of aschawkah al misriyah.
Describe the life form of osdi (Yemen).
Describe the life form of babla (Bangladesh).
Describe the life form of babul.
Describe the life form of baboul (India).
Describe the life form of kikar (India).
Describe the life form of acacia d'Egitto.
Describe the life form of ol'erbat.
Describe the life form of espinheiro preto (Cape Verde).
Describe the life form of espinho preto (Cape Verde).
Describe the life form of guider.
Describe the life form of marah.
Describe the life form of tugaar.
Describe the life form of galol.
Describe the life form of tuwer.
Describe the life form of acacia gomifera.
Describe the life form of goma arábica.
Describe the life form of mgunga.
Describe the life form of karu-velam.
Describe the life form of lekkerruikpeul.
Describe the life form of motse.
Describe the life form of ongue (Angola).
Describe the life form of lekwele (Botswana).
Describe the life form of bagani-iri (Cameroon).
Describe the life form of bani (Cameroon).
Describe the life form of barana (Cameroon).
Describe the life form of boina (Cameroon).
Describe the life form of daibe (Cameroon).
Describe the life form of gabde (Cameroon).
Describe the life form of gabdere (Cameroon).
Describe the life form of gabdi (Cameroon).
Describe the life form of Egyptian Acacia.
Describe the life form of bano (Guinea-Bissau).
Describe the life form of gaude (Guinea-Bissau).
Describe the life form of babla (India).
Describe the life form of dauria (India).
Describe the life form of godi (India).
Describe the life form of godi babul (India).
Describe the life form of kabuli kikar (India).
Describe the life form of kaora (India).
Describe the life form of kaulia (India).
Describe the life form of k.
Describe the life form of acanthus.
Describe the life form of field maple.
Describe the life form of hedge maple.
Describe the life form of small hedge maple.
Describe the life form of small maple.
Describe the life form of English maple.
Describe the life form of mazer tree.
Describe the life form of ulmer pipes.
Describe the life form of erable champetre.
Describe the life form of Ahorn.
Describe the life form of acero campestre.
Describe the life form of bordo comum.
Describe the life form of arce.
Describe the life form of lavender cotton.
Describe the life form of garde robe.
Describe the life form of aurone femelle.
Describe the life form of santoline.
Describe the life form of Zypressengarbe.
Describe the life form of guarda roba.
Describe the life form of qaysum.
Describe the life form of baatharaan.
Describe the life form of bu'aythiran.
Describe the life form of gesoom.
Describe the life form of aconite.
Describe the life form of common monkshood.
Describe the life form of Venus' maidenhair fern.
Describe the life form of southern maidenhair.
Describe the life form of Venus-hair fern.
Describe the life form of capillaire.
Describe the life form of Venushår.
Describe the life form of avenca.
Describe the life form of avenca cabelo de Venus.
Describe the life form of capilaria de Venus.
Describe the life form of adonis.
Describe the life form of pheasant's eye.
Describe the life form of spring pheasant's eye.
Describe the life form of Adonisröschen.
Describe the life form of Herba Adonis vernalis.
Describe the life form of African mahogany.
Describe the life form of doussie.
Describe the life form of mogno africano.
Describe the life form of agrimony.
Describe the life form of acrimony.
Describe the life form of harvest lice.
Describe the life form of stickwort.
Describe the life form of aigremoine.
Describe the life form of odermennig.
Describe the life form of agrimonia.
Describe the life form of Herba agrimoniae.
Describe the life form of Agrimoniae herba.
Describe the life form of Ailanthus.
Describe the life form of tree of heaven.
Describe the life form of false varnish tree.
Describe the life form of copal tree.
Describe the life form of stink tree.
Describe the life form of ailanto.
Describe the life form of Ailanthusbaum.
Describe the life form of Götterbaum.
Describe the life form of arvore celeste.
Describe the life form of European alder.
Describe the life form of common alder.
Describe the life form of black alder.
Describe the life form of irish fearnog.
Describe the life form of owle.
Describe the life form of ontano.
Describe the life form of ontano nero.
Describe the life form of aune.
Describe the life form of aulne.
Describe the life form of amieiro vulgar.
Describe the life form of amieiro negro.
Describe the life form of aliso.
Describe the life form of aliso negro.
Describe the life form of Erle.
Describe the life form of candelabra aloe.
Describe the life form of octopus plant.
Describe the life form of torch plant.
Describe the life form of krantz aloe.
Describe the life form of kraansaalwyn.
Describe the life form of inkalane.
Describe the life form of vlambos.
Describe the life form of dokgopha.
Describe the life form of marshmallow.
Describe the life form of guimauve.
Describe the life form of althee officinale.
Describe the life form of Eibisch.
Describe the life form of Radix Althaeae.
Describe the life form of Folia Althaeae.
Describe the life form of Althaeae radix.
Describe the life form of Althaeae herba.
Describe the life form of Althaeae folium.
Describe the life form of Althaeae flos.
Describe the life form of scarlet pimpernel.
Describe the life form of shepherd's weatherglass.
Describe the life form of pimpernel.
Describe the life form of bird's eye.
Describe the life form of blouselblommetjie.
Describe the life form of wood anemone.
Describe the life form of European wood anemone.
Describe the life form of European thimbleweed.
Describe the life form of moonflower.
Describe the life form of windflower.
Describe the life form of anemona dos bosques.
Describe the life form of chamomile.
Describe the life form of roman chamomile.
Describe the life form of camomille romaine.
Describe the life form of römische Kamille.
Describe the life form of camomilla.
Describe the life form of kamilica.
Describe the life form of Chamomillae romanae flos.
Describe the life form of Aetheroleum chamomillae romanae.
Describe the life form of chervil.
Describe the life form of cerafolio.
Describe the life form of cerfeuil.
Describe the life form of kerbel.
Describe the life form of koervel.
Describe the life form of kørvel.
Describe the life form of maqdunis afranji.
Describe the life form of kervel.
Describe the life form of cerfoglio.
Describe the life form of cerefolho.
Describe the life form of kervel'.
Describe the life form of san-lo-po.
Describe the life form of common kidney vetch.
Describe the life form of lady's fingers.
Describe the life form of agalwood.
Describe the life form of agalloch.
Describe the life form of agarwood.
Describe the life form of agila wood.
Describe the life form of eaglewood.
Describe the life form of aloeswood.
Describe the life form of calambac.
Describe the life form of calambour.
Describe the life form of chuwah.
Describe the life form of garrowood.
Describe the life form of lignaloes.
Describe the life form of pau de aguia.
Describe the life form of agaloco.
Describe the life form of aquilaria.
Describe the life form of calambuco.
Describe the life form of gaharu.
Describe the life form of sasi.
Describe the life form of hasi.
Describe the life form of aga.
Describe the life form of agaru.
Describe the life form of ugar.
Describe the life form of akyaw.
Describe the life form of tagara.
Describe the life form of kalaguru.
Describe the life form of aggalichandanam.
Describe the life form of agru.
Describe the life form of agar.
Describe the life form of chen xiang.
Describe the life form of Kaya gahara lemppong.
Describe the life form of jin-ko.
Describe the life form of kyara.
Describe the life form of ch'en hsiang.
Describe the life form of ch'Ing kuei hsiang.
Describe the life form of chan Hsiang.
Describe the life form of chi ku hsiang.
Describe the life form of Huang Shu Hsiang.
Describe the life form of Oud.
Describe the life form of Ude.
Describe the life form of Ud.
Describe the life form of Ood.
Describe the life form of Oode.
Describe the life form of jinkoh.
Describe the life form of jinko.
Describe the life form of common columbine.
Describe the life form of arnica.
Describe the life form of hästfibbla.
Describe the life form of solblom.
Describe the life form of almindelig guldblomme.
Describe the life form of etelänarnikki.
Describe the life form of berg-wohlverleih.
Describe the life form of ariti.
Describe the life form of chukun (Galinya.
Describe the life form of Harar).
Describe the life form of jukun (Galinya.
Describe the life form of Harar).
Describe the life form of kodo (Galinya).
Describe the life form of kapani (Galinya.
Describe the life form of Bale).
Describe the life form of butterfly milkweed.
Describe the life form of butterfly-weed.
Describe the life form of chigger-weed.
Describe the life form of pleurisy root.
Describe the life form of orange milkweed.
Describe the life form of Indian paintbrush.
Describe the life form of orange swallow-wort.
Describe the life form of white asphodel.
Describe the life form of asfodelo branco.
Describe the life form of belladonna.
Describe the life form of deadly nightshade.
Describe the life form of neem.
Describe the life form of Indian lilac.
Describe the life form of mahogany.
Describe the life form of azadira d'Inde.
Describe the life form of nim.
Describe the life form of Indischer Zedrach.
Describe the life form of niem.
Describe the life form of margosa.
Describe the life form of nimb.
Describe the life form of arishta.
Describe the life form of limba.
Describe the life form of nimmi.
Describe the life form of limbo.
Describe the life form of vepa.
Describe the life form of arulundi.
Describe the life form of bevinamara.
Describe the life form of indu lian shu.
Describe the life form of cha do.
Describe the life form of veppa.
Describe the life form of thin.
Describe the life form of baypay.
Describe the life form of sadao India.
Describe the life form of mindi maranngo.
Describe the life form of sdao.
Describe the life form of azad darakhul-hind.
Describe the life form of jänönapila.
Describe the life form of trifoglio arvense.
Describe the life form of hare-kløver.
Describe the life form of trevo pe' de lebre.
Describe the life form of Trifolii albi et rubri flos.
Describe the life form of coltsfoot.
Describe the life form of coltsfoot herb.
Describe the life form of farfara.
Describe the life form of horsehoof.
Describe the life form of clayweed.
Describe the life form of dove dock.
Describe the life form of hairy bauhinia.
Describe the life form of bosbeesklou.
Describe the life form of isiThibathibana.
Describe the life form of ngai camphor plant.
Describe the life form of camphrier.
Describe the life form of bai mat.
Describe the life form of sembung.
Describe the life form of sembang utan.
Describe the life form of sembang gantung.
Describe the life form of nat.
Describe the life form of phi ma sen.
Describe the life form of chapa.
Describe the life form of chapor.
Describe the life form of sembong.
Describe the life form of poung-ma-theing.
Describe the life form of sambong.
Describe the life form of lakadbulan.
Describe the life form of subsub.
Describe the life form of kam phung.
Describe the life form of nat yai.
Describe the life form of dai bi.
Describe the life form of tur bi.
Describe the life form of dai ngai.
Describe the life form of co nat.
Describe the life form of phac pha.
Describe the life form of bawng phiesn.
Describe the life form of ka-aen.
Describe the life form of khing sai.
Describe the life form of krachai.
Describe the life form of wan phra athit.
Describe the life form of ra-aen.
Describe the life form of poh see.
Describe the life form of poh so roh.
Describe the life form of temu kunci.
Describe the life form of luban.
Describe the life form of salai.
Describe the life form of Indian frankincense tree.
Describe the life form of Indian olibanum tree.
Describe the life form of saler.
Describe the life form of salga.
Describe the life form of salhe.
Describe the life form of sali.
Describe the life form of gugulu.
Describe the life form of kundrikam.
Describe the life form of kungli.
Describe the life form of morada.
Describe the life form of bean-pod tree.
Describe the life form of igonda.
Describe the life form of msasa.
Describe the life form of musasa.
Describe the life form of mrihi.
Describe the life form of mriti.
Describe the life form of myombo.
Describe the life form of flame-of-the-forest.
Describe the life form of Bengal kino.
Describe the life form of tisso.
Describe the life form of bastard teak.
Describe the life form of muduga oil tree.
Describe the life form of butea gum tree.
Describe the life form of pouk-pen.
Describe the life form of dhak.
Describe the life form of palas.
Describe the life form of pulas.
Describe the life form of palasa.
Describe the life form of chaa.
Describe the life form of chaan.
Describe the life form of favas de engenho.
Describe the life form of palasse.
Describe the life form of thong kwaao.
Describe the life form of tong thammachaat.
Describe the life form of divi-divi.
Describe the life form of dividivi.
Describe the life form of libidibi.
Describe the life form of apple of Sodom.
Describe the life form of Sodom apple.
Describe the life form of akund fibre.
Describe the life form of french cotton.
Describe the life form of marsh milkweed.
Describe the life form of Calotropis.
Describe the life form of rubber bush.
Describe the life form of mudar.
Describe the life form of yercum fibre.
Describe the life form of desert apple.
Describe the life form of Mudar Yercum.
Describe the life form of madar.
Describe the life form of king's crown.
Describe the life form of roostertree.
Describe the life form of shakr (Oman).
Describe the life form of arbre à soie.
Describe the life form of aak.
Describe the life form of desi aak.
Describe the life form of giant milkweed.
Describe the life form of tobbeya.
Describe the life form of tobia.
Describe the life form of yahara-zaf.
Describe the life form of ghinda.
Describe the life form of akalo.
Describe the life form of tomfi.
Describe the life form of gala.
Describe the life form of boha.
Describe the life form of u'sher (Sudan).
Describe the life form of ashkhar (UAE).
Describe the life form of hemp.
Describe the life form of chanvre.
Describe the life form of hanf.
Describe the life form of hennep.
Describe the life form of canamo.
Describe the life form of canapa.
Describe the life form of hampa.
Describe the life form of kannab.
Describe the life form of kender.
Describe the life form of kenop.
Describe the life form of konoplya.
Describe the life form of asa.
Describe the life form of shepherd's purse.
Describe the life form of bourse-a-pasteur.
Describe the life form of Hirtentäschelchen.
Describe the life form of Bursae pastoris herba.
Describe the life form of Brazilian mahogany.
Describe the life form of bastard mahogany.
Describe the life form of crabwood.
Describe the life form of andiroba.
Describe the life form of andiroba-saruba.
Describe the life form of iandirova.
Describe the life form of carapa.
Describe the life form of requia.
Describe the life form of European hornbeam.
Describe the life form of yoke elm.
Describe the life form of charme commun.
Describe the life form of carpino bianco.
Describe the life form of Hainbuche.
Describe the life form of Steinbuche.
Describe the life form of carpa europeia.
Describe the life form of carpino.
Describe the life form of senna.
Describe the life form of arabian senna.
Describe the life form of sene.
Describe the life form of sene d'arabie.
Describe the life form of sen.
Describe the life form of sanaehindi.
Describe the life form of uzkolistnaja kassija.
Describe the life form of bhuikhakhasa.
Describe the life form of bhumiari.
Describe the life form of sanai makki.
Describe the life form of Indian bean tree.
Describe the life form of brown radiant knapweed.
Describe the life form of knapweed.
Describe the life form of vanleg knoppurt.
Describe the life form of almindelig knopurt.
Describe the life form of ahdekaunokki.
Describe the life form of brown knapweed.
Describe the life form of rödklint.
Describe the life form of wiesen-flockenblume.
Describe the life form of jacea.
Describe the life form of mangrove.
Describe the life form of wallflower.
Describe the life form of gyllenlack.
Describe the life form of gyllenlakk.
Describe the life form of tavallinen kultulakka.
Describe the life form of goldlack.
Describe the life form of great celandine.
Describe the life form of grande chelidoine.
Describe the life form of eclaire.
Describe the life form of Schöllkraut.
Describe the life form of skelört.
Describe the life form of svaleurt.
Describe the life form of keltamo.
Describe the life form of svalört.
Describe the life form of Chelidonii herba.
Describe the life form of Chelidonii radix.
Describe the life form of iroko tree.
Describe the life form of African teak.
Describe the life form of Nigerian teak.
Describe the life form of odoom tree.
Describe the life form of rock elm.
Describe the life form of counter wood.
Describe the life form of muvule.
Describe the life form of mvule.
Describe the life form of loko.
Describe the life form of oji.
Describe the life form of iroko.
Describe the life form of iroco.
Describe the life form of moreira.
Describe the life form of intule.
Describe the life form of pau bicho-amarelo.
Describe the life form of mukamba-kamba.
Describe the life form of mecuco.
Describe the life form of mucuco.
Describe the life form of mucoco.
Describe the life form of mucumba'-vleme'.
Describe the life form of mugunda.
Describe the life form of traveller's joy.
Describe the life form of old man's beard.
Describe the life form of lady's bower.
Describe the life form of smokewood.
Describe the life form of whitywood.
Describe the life form of vide branca.
Describe the life form of cipo' do reino.
Describe the life form of skogsklematis.
Describe the life form of Tysk klematis.
Describe the life form of skovranke.
Describe the life form of gewöhnliche waldrebe.
Describe the life form of meadow saffron.
Describe the life form of autumn crocus.
Describe the life form of Hungarian colchicum.
Describe the life form of colchique d'automne.
Describe the life form of tue-chien.
Describe the life form of Herbstzeitlose.
Describe the life form of Bulbus colchici.
Describe the life form of Colchici semen.
Describe the life form of tidlösa.
Describe the life form of hösttidlösa.
Describe the life form of nakna jungfrun.
Describe the life form of vanlig tidlösa.
Describe the life form of tidlaus.
Describe the life form of tidløyse.
Describe the life form of høst-tidløs.
Describe the life form of syysmyrkkylilja.
Describe the life form of eddi shebai.
Describe the life form of hemlock.
Describe the life form of poison hemlock.
Describe the life form of odört.
Describe the life form of giftkjeks.
Describe the life form of skarntyde.
Describe the life form of myrkkykatko.
Describe the life form of gefleckter schierling.
Describe the life form of chof-chof.
Describe the life form of buttonwood.
Describe the life form of mangrove.
Describe the life form of zaragoza mangrove.
Describe the life form of lily of the valley.
Describe the life form of may lily.
Describe the life form of convallaria.
Describe the life form of our lady's tears.
Describe the life form of Convall-lily.
Describe the life form of lily constancy.
Describe the life form of ladder-to-heaven.
Describe the life form of Jacob's ladder.
Describe the life form of male lily.
Describe the life form of muguet.
Describe the life form of maiblume.
Describe the life form of maiglöckchen.
Describe the life form of mughetto.
Describe the life form of liljekonvalj.
Describe the life form of konvalje.
Describe the life form of liljekonvalje.
Describe the life form of liljekonvall.
Describe the life form of liljekonval.
Describe the life form of kielo.
Describe the life form of field bindweed.
Describe the life form of åkervinda.
Describe the life form of vanlig åkervinda.
Describe the life form of smalbladig åkervinda.
Describe the life form of åkervindel.
Describe the life form of ager-snerle.
Describe the life form of peltokierto.
Describe the life form of Ackerwinde.
Describe the life form of lehli.
Describe the life form of Italian cypress.
Describe the life form of Mediterranean cypress.
Describe the life form of mourning cypress.
Describe the life form of cyprès.
Describe the life form of cypres d'Italie.
Describe the life form of zypresse.
Describe the life form of cipresso.
Describe the life form of cipreste.
Describe the life form of cedro bastardo.
Describe the life form of ciprés.
Describe the life form of cipres comun.
Describe the life form of cipres italiano.
Describe the life form of lesser dodder.
Describe the life form of dodder.
Describe the life form of common dodder.
Describe the life form of clover dodder.
Describe the life form of ljungsnärja.
Describe the life form of ljungsilke.
Describe the life form of klöversnärja.
Describe the life form of kloeversnaerja.
Describe the life form of timiansnikjetråd.
Describe the life form of lyng-silke.
Describe the life form of kløver-silke.
Describe the life form of apilanvieras.
Describe the life form of Quendelseide.
Describe the life form of Thymianseide.
Describe the life form of Kleeseide.
Describe the life form of epitimo.
Describe the life form of cuscuta del trebol.
Describe the life form of cuscute du thym.
Describe the life form of cuscute du trefle.
Describe the life form of cuscuta piccola.
Describe the life form of cuscuta del trifoglio.
Describe the life form of duivelsnaaigaren.
Describe the life form of klein Warkruid.
Describe the life form of cabelos.
Describe the life form of hound's tongue.
Describe the life form of hundtunga.
Describe the life form of hundetunge.
Describe the life form of rohtokoirankielet.
Describe the life form of echte hundszunge.
Describe the life form of mezereon.
Describe the life form of February daphne.
Describe the life form of paradise plant.
Describe the life form of misterious plant.
Describe the life form of widow wail.
Describe the life form of gewöhnlicher seidelbast.
Describe the life form of mezereao.
Describe the life form of mezereu.
Describe the life form of tibast.
Describe the life form of källarhals.
Describe the life form of vanlig tibast.
Describe the life form of tysbast.
Describe the life form of pebertræ.
Describe the life form of näsiä.
Describe the life form of Pongame oil tree.
Describe the life form of Grecian foxglove.
Describe the life form of woolly foxglove.
Describe the life form of foxglove.
Describe the life form of digitale laineuse.
Describe the life form of wolliger Fingerhut.
Describe the life form of dedaleira felpuda.
Describe the life form of Digitalis lanatae folium.
Describe the life form of yellow foxglove.
Describe the life form of straw foxglove.
Describe the life form of dedaleira amarela.
Describe the life form of liten fingerborgsblomma.
Describe the life form of gul revebjølle.
Describe the life form of gul fingerbøl.
Describe the life form of pikkusormustinkukka.
Describe the life form of gelber fingerhut.
Describe the life form of common foxglove.
Describe the life form of purple foxglove.
Describe the life form of foxglove.
Describe the life form of foxes glofa (Anglo-Saxon).
Describe the life form of witches' glove.
Describe the life form of dead man's bells.
Describe the life form of bloody fingers.
Describe the life form of bloody man's fingers.
Describe the life form of flapdock.
Describe the life form of fairy glove.
Describe the life form of fairy finger.
Describe the life form of finger flower.
Describe the life form of lady glove.
Describe the life form of Roter Fingerhut.
Describe the life form of Fingerkraut.
Describe the life form of Waldglocke.
Describe the life form of Waldglöckchen.
Describe the life form of Waldschelle.
Describe the life form of Unserliebenfrauenhandschuh.
Describe the life form of Digitale pourpré.
Describe the life form of Digitale rossa.
Describe the life form of dedaleira.
Describe the life form of digitalis.
Describe the life form of cacapeiro.
Describe the life form of dedalario.
Describe the life form of erva dedal.
Describe the life form of estoura-fole.
Describe the life form of luvas de Santa Maria.
Describe the life form of luvas de pastora.
Describe the life form of Almindelig fingerbøl.
Describe the life form of Fingerbøl.
Describe the life form of Rød fingerbøl.
Describe the life form of Fingerborgsblomma.
Describe the life form of Revebjølle.
Describe the life form of Revebjelle.
Describe the life form of Fingurbjargablóm.
Describe the life form of Fingurbjargarblóm.
Describe the life form of Rohtosormustinkukka.
Describe the life form of Sormustinkukka.
Describe the life form of Naparstnica purpurowa.
Describe the life form of Naparstnik.
Describe the life form of Echte Vingerhoedskruid.
Describe the life form of Vingerhoedskruid soort.
Describe the life form of Dedalera.
Describe the life form of Potschen.
Describe the life form of barbasco.
Describe the life form of gurjum tree.
Describe the life form of dau.
Describe the life form of sundew.
Describe the life form of round-leaved sundew.
Describe the life form of rundblättriger sonnentau.
Describe the life form of rundsoldogg.
Describe the life form of rundbladet soldug.
Describe the life form of pyöreälehtikihokki.
Describe the life form of sóldögg.
Describe the life form of ngmoo.
Describe the life form of squirting cucumber.
Describe the life form of pepino de Sao Gregorio.
Describe the life form of pepino do Diabo.
Describe the life form of elaterio.
Describe the life form of Lehmann's love grass.
Describe the life form of knietjiesgras.
Describe the life form of Red-hot poker tree.
Describe the life form of flame tree.
Describe the life form of lucky bean tree.
Describe the life form of Mwamba-ngoma.
Describe the life form of kafur limuni.
Describe the life form of lemon-scented gum.
Describe the life form of lemon-scented iron gum.
Describe the life form of spotted gum.
Describe the life form of mkaratusi.
Describe the life form of kaliptis.
Describe the life form of bluegum.
Describe the life form of bluegum eucalyptus.
Describe the life form of fever tree.
Describe the life form of southern bluegum.
Describe the life form of Tasmanian bluegum.
Describe the life form of turpentine gas.
Describe the life form of yukari-no-ki.
Describe the life form of eucalipto.
Describe the life form of caper spurge.
Describe the life form of buckthorn.
Describe the life form of alder buckthorn.
Describe the life form of Faulbaum.
Describe the life form of brakved.
Describe the life form of sprakved.
Describe the life form of braktorn.
Describe the life form of toste.
Describe the life form of trollhegg.
Describe the life form of tørst.
Describe the life form of korpipaatsama.
Describe the life form of Frangulae cortex.
Describe the life form of ash.
Describe the life form of European ash.
Describe the life form of frassino.
Describe the life form of gewöhnliche Esche.
Describe the life form of Esche.
Describe the life form of frêne.
Describe the life form of freixo da Europa.
Describe the life form of quina da Europa.
Describe the life form of fresno.
Describe the life form of ask.
Describe the life form of almindelig ask.
Describe the life form of vanlig ask.
Describe the life form of Lehtosaarni.
Describe the life form of Saarni.
Describe the life form of common ash.
Describe the life form of Fraxini folium.
Describe the life form of goat's rue.
Describe the life form of French lilac.
Describe the life form of European goat's-rue.
Describe the life form of professor weed.
Describe the life form of Geisraute.
Describe the life form of capraria.
Describe the life form of galega.
Describe the life form of Galegae herba.
Describe the life form of herb Robert.
Describe the life form of Robert herb.
Describe the life form of ragged Robert.
Describe the life form of red shanks.
Describe the life form of red robin.
Describe the life form of mountain geranium.
Describe the life form of jenny wren.
Describe the life form of fox geranium.
Describe the life form of stinkender storchschnabel.
Describe the life form of erva roberta.
Describe the life form of erva de Sao Roberto.
Describe the life form of stinknäva.
Describe the life form of stinknäbba.
Describe the life form of urakatt.
Describe the life form of stinkende storkenæb.
Describe the life form of haisukurjenpolvi.
Describe the life form of cotton root.
Describe the life form of gayak.
Describe the life form of gayak fran.
Describe the life form of frazostrae.
Describe the life form of pokhout.
Describe the life form of guaiacum.
Describe the life form of lignum-vitae tree.
Describe the life form of arbre de vie.
Describe the life form of bois saint.
Describe the life form of gaïac.
Describe the life form of gaïac bâtard.
Describe the life form of gaïac franc.
Describe the life form of gaïac mâle.
Describe the life form of gaïac officnale.
Describe the life form of Franzosenholz.
Describe the life form of Guajakholz.
Describe the life form of guajaco.
Describe the life form of legno guajacano.
Describe the life form of legno santo.
Describe the life form of guyaiaco.
Describe the life form of bakaut.
Describe the life form of guayacan.
Describe the life form of guayaco.
Describe the life form of leno santo.
Describe the life form of palo santo.
Describe the life form of pano santo de las Indias.
Describe the life form of fransosenholts.
Describe the life form of common lignum-vitae (Trade name).
Describe the life form of kosso.
Describe the life form of habbi.
Describe the life form of duchia (Galinya).
Describe the life form of edo (Galinya).
Describe the life form of fieto (Galinya).
Describe the life form of heto (Galinya.
Describe the life form of Kaffa).
Describe the life form of witch hazel.
Describe the life form of common ivy.
Describe the life form of ivy.
Describe the life form of English ivy.
Describe the life form of Algerian ivy.
Describe the life form of Canary ivy.
Describe the life form of Madeira ivy.
Describe the life form of Engelse hedera.
Describe the life form of Efeu.
Describe the life form of mouse-ear hawkweed.
Describe the life form of mouse bloodwort.
Describe the life form of pilosela das boticas.
Describe the life form of henbane.
Describe the life form of henblain.
Describe the life form of jusquiame noire.
Describe the life form of herbe aux poules.
Describe the life form of mort aux poules.
Describe the life form of bilsenkraut.
Describe the life form of saint john's wort.
Describe the life form of St John's wort.
Describe the life form of klamath weed.
Describe the life form of common St Johnswort.
Describe the life form of hipericon.
Describe the life form of hierba de San Juan.
Describe the life form of herbe a mille trous.
Describe the life form of millepertuis perfore.
Describe the life form of hipericao.
Describe the life form of milfurada.
Describe the life form of Tüpfel-Johanniskraut.
Describe the life form of Tüpfel-Hartheu.
Describe the life form of Johanniskraut.
Describe the life form of erba di San Giovanni.
Describe the life form of iperico perforato.
Describe the life form of Sint janskruid.
Describe the life form of Johannesoert.
Describe the life form of johanneskruid.
Describe the life form of balsana.
Describe the life form of Hyperici herba.
Describe the life form of erva-mate.
Describe the life form of mate.
Describe the life form of erva (Br).
Describe the life form of yerba mate.
Describe the life form of Java indigo.
Describe the life form of anileira de Java.
Describe the life form of German iris.
Describe the life form of garden iris.
Describe the life form of garden flag.
Describe the life form of purple flag.
Describe the life form of common iris.
Describe the life form of pogon iris.
Describe the life form of lirio-cardeno.
Describe the life form of lirio azul.
Describe the life form of jacaranda.
Describe the life form of mimosa-leaved ebony.
Describe the life form of black poui.
Describe the life form of green ebony.
Describe the life form of palissandra.
Describe the life form of carobaguacu'.
Describe the life form of jakaranda.
Describe the life form of African pencil cedar.
Describe the life form of East African cedar.
Describe the life form of African juniper.
Describe the life form of Afrikanischer Wacholder.
Describe the life form of Afrikanische Bleistiftzeder.
Describe the life form of genévrier élevé.
Describe the life form of genévrier d'Afrique.
Describe the life form of zimbro africano.
Describe the life form of tidh.
Describe the life form of gattira (Galinya).
Describe the life form of Mutarakwa.
Describe the life form of savin.
Describe the life form of savine.
Describe the life form of savin juniper.
Describe the life form of sabina.
Describe the life form of sabina da praia.
Describe the life form of African mahogany.
Describe the life form of cailcedra.
Describe the life form of mogno africano.
Describe the life form of wild lettuce.
Describe the life form of white buttonwood.
Describe the life form of buttonwood.
Describe the life form of mangrove.
Describe the life form of European larch.
Describe the life form of larice.
Describe the life form of Lärche.
Describe the life form of mélèze.
Describe the life form of alerce.
Describe the life form of French lavender.
Describe the life form of lavandin.
Describe the life form of hybrid lavender.
Describe the life form of lavender.
Describe the life form of lavande.
Describe the life form of lavendel.
Describe the life form of lavanda.
Describe the life form of spike lavender.
Describe the life form of privet.
Describe the life form of hedge plant.
Describe the life form of Annunciation lily.
Describe the life form of Madonna lily.
Describe the life form of Mary lily.
Describe the life form of Bourbon lily.
Describe the life form of white lily.
Describe the life form of acucena.
Describe the life form of bastao de S. Jose'.
Describe the life form of copo-de-leite.
Describe the life form of flax.
Describe the life form of linseed.
Describe the life form of yama.
Describe the life form of Endabé.
Describe the life form of Entati.
Describe the life form of Telba.
Describe the life form of Talba.
Describe the life form of lobelia.
Describe the life form of bird's-foot trefoil.
Describe the life form of birdsfoot trefoil.
Describe the life form of bloom-fell.
Describe the life form of crow toe.
Describe the life form of sheep foot.
Describe the life form of shoes-and-stockings.
Describe the life form of babies'-slippers.
Describe the life form of cat-clover.
Describe the life form of geelblom lusern.
Describe the life form of hoenderspoor klawer.
Describe the life form of serradela.
Describe the life form of cornilhao.
Describe the life form of musizi.
Describe the life form of high-mallow.
Describe the life form of common mallow.
Describe the life form of cheeseflower.
Describe the life form of grande mauve.
Describe the life form of Malve.
Describe the life form of wilde Malve.
Describe the life form of malva silvestre.
Describe the life form of Malvae sylvestris mauritianae flos.
Describe the life form of Malvae folium.
Describe the life form of Chinaberry.
Describe the life form of China tree.
Describe the life form of Chinaball tree.
Describe the life form of Persian lilac.
Describe the life form of pride of India.
Describe the life form of Indian Lilac.
Describe the life form of bead tree.
Describe the life form of Texas umbrella tree.
Describe the life form of yellow sweet clover.
Describe the life form of yellow melilot.
Describe the life form of common sweet clover.
Describe the life form of melist.
Describe the life form of king's clover.
Describe the life form of Hart's clover.
Describe the life form of Hart's trefoil.
Describe the life form of trevo de cheiro amarelo.
Describe the life form of anafe amarelo.
Describe the life form of trevo real.
Describe the life form of coroa de rei.
Describe the life form of trébol amarillo.
Describe the life form of trébol dulce amarillo.
Describe the life form of melilot officinal.
Describe the life form of Steinklee.
Describe the life form of Meliloti flos.
Describe the life form of Meliloti herba.
Describe the life form of wild mint.
Describe the life form of bohe.
Describe the life form of thorny sensitive plant.
Describe the life form of thorn of blood.
Describe the life form of juquiri grande.
Describe the life form of kechemo.
Describe the life form of katchu (Adaric).
Describe the life form of evening primrose.
Describe the life form of royal fern.
Describe the life form of king fern.
Describe the life form of regal fern.
Describe the life form of queen fern.
Describe the life form of ditch fern.
Describe the life form of French bracken.
Describe the life form of hartshorn bush.
Describe the life form of Osmund royal fern.
Describe the life form of fento real.
Describe the life form of dentabru'.
Describe the life form of konigsfarn.
Describe the life form of feto real.
Describe the life form of helecho real.
Describe the life form of Chinese ginseng.
Describe the life form of Korean ginseng.
Describe the life form of ginseng.
Describe the life form of American ginseng.
Describe the life form of princess tree.
Describe the life form of royal paulownia.
Describe the life form of empress tree.
Describe the life form of foxglove tree.
Describe the life form of paulownia de Chine.
Describe the life form of filzige paulownia.
Describe the life form of do-boku.
Describe the life form of hana-giri.
Describe the life form of hitoha-gusa.
Describe the life form of kiri.
Describe the life form of kiri-noki.
Describe the life form of mukuinamo.
Describe the life form of otoung-nam.
Describe the life form of Norway spruce.
Describe the life form of white deal.
Describe the life form of Jura turpentine.
Describe the life form of Burgundy pitch.
Describe the life form of pitch tree.
Describe the life form of living Christmas tree.
Describe the life form of epicea commun.
Describe the life form of epinette de Norvege.
Describe the life form of Fichte.
Describe the life form of Rottanne.
Describe the life form of Gemeine Fichte.
Describe the life form of Edeltanne.
Describe the life form of abete rosso.
Describe the life form of espruce da Noruega.
Describe the life form of picea.
Describe the life form of abeto del Norte.
Describe the life form of fara(Senegal).
Describe the life form of semellier.
Describe the life form of Scotch pine.
Describe the life form of Scots pine.
Describe the life form of Scotch fir.
Describe the life form of Highland pine.
Describe the life form of Baltic pine.
Describe the life form of Danzing pine.
Describe the life form of red deal.
Describe the life form of yellow deal.
Describe the life form of pin.
Describe the life form of pin sylvestre.
Describe the life form of Kiefer.
Describe the life form of pino.
Describe the life form of pino silvestre.
Describe the life form of skov fyr.
Describe the life form of Waldkiefer.
Describe the life form of Föhre.
Describe the life form of pinheiro da Escocia.
Describe the life form of pinheiro da Russia.
Describe the life form of pinheiro de Genebra.
Describe the life form of Pini turione.
Describe the life form of petroleum nut.
Describe the life form of hanga.
Describe the life form of hoary plantain.
Describe the life form of healing herb.
Describe the life form of lamb's tongue.
Describe the life form of lingua de ovelha.
Describe the life form of calraxo.
Describe the life form of Indian plantago.
Describe the life form of blood plantago.
Describe the life form of isabgol.
Describe the life form of geneima.
Describe the life form of qurayta.
Describe the life form of spogel plantain.
Describe the life form of ispaghula.
Describe the life form of spogelwegerich.
Describe the life form of Spanish psyllium.
Describe the life form of psyllium plantain.
Describe the life form of fleawort.
Describe the life form of fleaseed.
Describe the life form of zaragatoa menor.
Describe the life form of Oriental planetree.
Describe the life form of Eastern sycamore.
Describe the life form of chinar tree.
Describe the life form of doolb.
Describe the life form of buna.
Describe the life form of platane d'Orient.
Describe the life form of platano do Oriente.
Describe the life form of platano de genio.
Describe the life form of coquilho.
Describe the life form of scented Solomon's seal.
Describe the life form of drug Solomon'-seal.
Describe the life form of David's harp.
Describe the life form of selo de Salomao.
Describe the life form of knotgrass.
Describe the life form of knotweed.
Describe the life form of prostrate smartweed.
Describe the life form of bird weed.
Describe the life form of bird-grass.
Describe the life form of bird's-tongue.
Describe the life form of doorweed.
Describe the life form of renouee des oiseaux.
Describe the life form of Vogelknoeterich.
Describe the life form of corriola bastarda.
Describe the life form of escalracho.
Describe the life form of erva da muda.
Describe the life form of sempre-noiva.
Describe the life form of sanguinaria.
Describe the life form of Polygoni avicularis herba.
Describe the life form of Charab poplar.
Describe the life form of Hodung tree.
Describe the life form of bahan.
Describe the life form of peuplier des Indes.
Describe the life form of choupo da India.
Describe the life form of silverweed.
Describe the life form of wild tansy.
Describe the life form of goose tansy.
Describe the life form of argentine.
Describe the life form of Gaensefingerkraut.
Describe the life form of anserina.
Describe the life form of ancarinha.
Describe the life form of pe' de ganso.
Describe the life form of tanaceto bravo.
Describe the life form of Gaenserich.
Describe the life form of Anserinae herba.
Describe the life form of European cowslip.
Describe the life form of English cowslip.
Describe the life form of yellow Star-of-Bethlehem.
Describe the life form of pagle.
Describe the life form of palsywort.
Describe the life form of primevere officinale.
Describe the life form of coucou.
Describe the life form of schluesselblume.
Describe the life form of margarida dos prados.
Describe the life form of primavera.
Describe the life form of bem-me-quer.
Describe the life form of cherry laurel.
Describe the life form of louro-cerejo.
Describe the life form of kiaat.
Describe the life form of wild teak.
Describe the life form of bloodwood.
Describe the life form of paddle-wood.
Describe the life form of sealing-wax tree.
Describe the life form of Transvaal teak.
Describe the life form of african teak.
Describe the life form of bloedhout.
Describe the life form of dolfhout.
Describe the life form of greinhout.
Describe the life form of kajatenhout.
Describe the life form of lakhout.
Describe the life form of wilde-kiaat.
Describe the life form of umVangati.
Describe the life form of umVangatsi.
Describe the life form of umWangati.
Describe the life form of morôtô.
Describe the life form of mmilo.
Describe the life form of mvhangazi.
Describe the life form of mokwa.
Describe the life form of morotômadi.
Describe the life form of mutondo.
Describe the life form of muvhangazi.
Describe the life form of murotso.
Describe the life form of mukwa.
Describe the life form of umVangazi.
Describe the life form of umBilo.
Describe the life form of mninga.
Describe the life form of mutete.
Describe the life form of mtumbati.
Describe the life form of Burma creeper.
Describe the life form of Chinese honeysuckle.
Describe the life form of Rangoon creeper.
Describe the life form of dong preah phnom.
Describe the life form of vor romiet nhi.
Describe the life form of udani.
Describe the life form of bidani.
Describe the life form of cekluk.
Describe the life form of dok ung.
Describe the life form of khua hung.
Describe the life form of sa mang.
Describe the life form of akar dani.
Describe the life form of selimpas.
Describe the life form of niyog-niyogan.
Describe the life form of balitadham.
Describe the life form of tartaraok.
Describe the life form of cha mang.
Describe the life form of thai mong.
Describe the life form of lep mue nang.
Describe the life form of sur quan.
Describe the life form of qua giun.
Describe the life form of day giun.
Describe the life form of quar nac.
Describe the life form of mac giaogiun.
Describe the life form of may lang curong.
Describe the life form of madder.
Describe the life form of common madder.
Describe the life form of dyer's madder.
Describe the life form of European madder.
Describe the life form of munjeet.
Describe the life form of garance.
Describe the life form of alizarin.
Describe the life form of granza.
Describe the life form of garanca.
Describe the life form of ruiva dos tintureiros.
Describe the life form of sanicle.
Describe the life form of European wood sanicle.
Describe the life form of sanicula.
Describe the life form of lavender cotton.
Describe the life form of soapwort.
Describe the life form of saponary.
Describe the life form of latherwort.
Describe the life form of sweet Betty.
Describe the life form of Fuller's herb.
Describe the life form of bouncing-bet.
Describe the life form of echtes Seifenkraut.
Describe the life form of suopayrtti.
Describe the life form of sæbeurt.
Describe the life form of såpeurt.
Describe the life form of erva saboeira.
Describe the life form of saponaria.
Describe the life form of saboneira.
Describe the life form of saboeira legitima.
Describe the life form of sabedoria legitima.
Describe the life form of såpnejlika.
Describe the life form of Saponaria rubrae herba.
Describe the life form of Saponaria rubrae radix.
Describe the life form of common groundsel.
Describe the life form of groundsel.
Describe the life form of ragwort.
Describe the life form of simson.
Describe the life form of old-man-in-the-spring.
Describe the life form of tasneirinha.
Describe the life form of cardo-morto.
Describe the life form of palmetto.
Describe the life form of saw palmetto.
Describe the life form of Lady's thistle.
Describe the life form of St. Mary's thistle.
Describe the life form of holy thistle.
Describe the life form of milk thistle.
Describe the life form of blessed milk-thistle.
Describe the life form of kenguel seed.
Describe the life form of variegated thistle.
Describe the life form of cardo Mariano.
Describe the life form of Cardui mariani fructus.
Describe the life form of Cardui mariani folium.
Describe the life form of hedge mustard.
Describe the life form of Italian smilax.
Describe the life form of Eurasian greenbrier.
Describe the life form of rough bindweed.
Describe the life form of salsaparrilha bastarda.
Describe the life form of salsaparrilha do reino.
Describe the life form of salsaparrilha indigena.
Describe the life form of alegra-campo.
Describe the life form of European bittersweet.
Describe the life form of bittersweet.
Describe the life form of bitter nightshade.
Describe the life form of woody nightshade.
Describe the life form of blue nightshade.
Describe the life form of blue bindweed.
Describe the life form of tether-devil.
Describe the life form of douce-amere.
Describe the life form of dulcamara.
Describe the life form of uva de cao.
Describe the life form of doce-amarga.
Describe the life form of amara-dulcis.
Describe the life form of Bittersüß.
Describe the life form of Dulcamarae stipites.
Describe the life form of Indian redwood.
Describe the life form of Indian mahogany.
Describe the life form of bastard cedar.
Describe the life form of rohan.
Describe the life form of rohun.
Describe the life form of Spanish broom.
Describe the life form of weaver's broom.
Describe the life form of ginestra.
Describe the life form of giesta de Espanha.
Describe the life form of gyldenris.
Describe the life form of betony.
Describe the life form of French tamarisk.
Describe the life form of kori.
Describe the life form of tamargueira francesa.
Describe the life form of tarafe.
Describe the life form of yew.
Describe the life form of taks.
Describe the life form of tasso.
Describe the life form of Eibe.
Describe the life form of Eibenbaum.
Describe the life form of European linden.
Describe the life form of little-leaf linden.
Describe the life form of small-leaved linden.
Describe the life form of small-leaved lime.
Describe the life form of lime tree.
Describe the life form of tilleul a petites feuilles.
Describe the life form of Linde.
Describe the life form of tiglio selvatico.
Describe the life form of tilia da Europa.
Describe the life form of tilia das folhas pequenas.
Describe the life form of tila de Europa.
Describe the life form of Carbo tiliae.
Describe the life form of Tiliae officinalis flos.
Describe the life form of Tiliae folium.
Describe the life form of Tilium cortex.
Describe the life form of large-leaved European linden.
Describe the life form of large-leaved lime.
Describe the life form of large-leaved linden.
Describe the life form of big-leaf linden.
Describe the life form of tilleul a grandes feuilles.
Describe the life form of tilia das folhas grandes.
Describe the life form of storbladet lind.
Describe the life form of Carbo tiliae.
Describe the life form of Tiliae officinalis flos.
Describe the life form of Tiliae folium.
Describe the life form of Tilium cortex.
Describe the life form of hare's-foot clover.
Describe the life form of rabbit-foot clover.
Describe the life form of old-field clover.
Describe the life form of dogs-and-cats.
Describe the life form of stone clover.
Describe the life form of trefle des champs.
Describe the life form of trefle pied de lievre.
Describe the life form of hare kl¢ver.
Describe the life form of Hasenklee.
Describe the life form of Ackerklee.
Describe the life form of coughwort.
Describe the life form of tussilage.
Describe the life form of Huflattich.
Describe the life form of f¢lfod.
Describe the life form of tussilagem.
Describe the life form of farfaria.
Describe the life form of nardosmia.
Describe the life form of casco de cavalo.
Describe the life form of unha de asno.
Describe the life form of Farfarae folium.
Describe the life form of Farfarae flos.
Describe the life form of English elm.
Describe the life form of Engelsk elm.
Describe the life form of mosqueiro.
Describe the life form of olmo ingles.
Describe the life form of gambier.
Describe the life form of Bengal gambir.
Describe the life form of gambir da India.
Describe the life form of gambeiro.
Describe the life form of Indian copal/eng.
Describe the life form of piney tree/eng.
Describe the life form of white dammar/eng.
Describe the life form of dhupa/eng.
Describe the life form of Malabar tallow tree/eng.
Describe the life form of goma copal/pot.
Describe the life form of goma da India/por.
Describe the life form of thandorah/eng.
Describe the life form of vine tree/eng.
Describe the life form of European white hellebore.
Describe the life form of white hellebore.
Describe the life form of white false helleborine.
Describe the life form of hvid foldblad.
Describe the life form of veratro branco.
Describe the life form of flor da verdade.
Describe the life form of mullein.
Describe the life form of orange mullein.
Describe the life form of woolly mullein.
Describe the life form of bouillon blanc.
Describe the life form of Königskerze.
Describe the life form of verbasco felpudo.
Describe the life form of Verbasci flos.
Describe the life form of Verbasci folium.
Describe the life form of lesser periwinkle.
Describe the life form of running myrtle.
Describe the life form of creeping myrtle.
Describe the life form of liden singr¢n.
Describe the life form of kleines immergrün.
Describe the life form of pikkutalvio.
Describe the life form of gravmyrt.
Describe the life form of pervinca menor.
Describe the life form of congossa menor.
Describe the life form of erva da inveja.
Describe the life form of vintergröna.
Describe the life form of sweet violet.
Describe the life form of Parma violet.
Describe the life form of florist's violet.
Describe the life form of Neapolitan violet.
Describe the life form of marts viol.
Describe the life form of violeta de cheiro.
Describe the life form of violeta de Parma.
Describe the life form of English violet.
Describe the life form of viooltjie.
Describe the life form of johnny-jump-up.
Describe the life form of love-in-idleness.
Describe the life form of heartsease.
Describe the life form of pansy.
Describe the life form of biddy's eyes.
Describe the life form of vild stedmoderblomst.
Describe the life form of amor-perfeito bravo.
Describe the life form of gesiggie.
Describe the life form of Ackerveilchen.
Describe the life form of Jaceae herba.
Describe the life form of mistletoe.
Describe the life form of European mistletoe.
Describe the life form of gui de chene.
Describe the life form of Mistel.
Describe the life form of vischio.
Describe the life form of mistelten.
Describe the life form of visco.
Describe the life form of Visci folium.
Describe the life form of Visci albae stipes.
Describe the life form of chaste tree.
Describe the life form of hemp tree.
Describe the life form of sage tree.
Describe the life form of Indian spice.
Describe the life form of monk's-pepper tree.
Describe the life form of arvore da castidade.
Describe the life form of agno-casto.
Describe the life form of Agni-casti fructus.
Describe the life form of cutleaf chaste tree.
Describe the life form of five-leaved chaste tree.
Describe the life form of chasta tree.
Describe the life form of horseshoe vitex.
Describe the life form of Indian privet.
Describe the life form of negundo.
Describe the life form of trasiet.
Describe the life form of indrani.
Describe the life form of nirgundi.
Describe the life form of nilpushpi.
Describe the life form of ai tuban.
Describe the life form of legundi laut laki-laki.
Describe the life form of lagundi.
Describe the life form of lemuning.
Describe the life form of lenggundi.
Describe the life form of simali.
Describe the life form of nigand.
Describe the life form of habul fiqa.
Describe the life form of sarsa.
Describe the life form of sanbhalo.
Describe the life form of panjkasht.
Describe the life form of atlaq.
Describe the life form of banna/danna.
Describe the life form of paparau.
Describe the life form of legundi.
Describe the life form of dangla.
Describe the life form of khonthi khemao.
Describe the life form of kuno kamo.
Describe the life form of kunning.
Describe the life form of ngux traro.
Describe the life form of molave.
Describe the life form of small-flower chaste tree.
Describe the life form of Indian ginseng.
Describe the life form of poisonous gooseberry.
Describe the life form of winter cherry.
Describe the life form of ajagandha.
Describe the life form of asgand.
Describe the life form of kanaje.
Describe the life form of samm al ferakh.
Describe the life form of amukkirag.
Describe the life form of amangura.
Describe the life form of asvagandha.
Describe the life form of ashvagandha.
Describe the life form of asundha.
Describe the life form of aswagandha.
Describe the life form of bitterappelliefie.
Describe the life form of geneesbossie.
Describe the life form of vernietsiektebossie.
Describe the life form of ubuvimba.
Describe the life form of umaqhunsula.
Describe the life form of mangrove.
Describe the life form of mangrove.
Describe the life form of grapple.
Describe the life form of devil's claw.
Describe the life form of teufelskralle.
Describe the life form of duiwelsklou.
Describe the life form of kalahari skaapklou.
Describe the life form of skerpioen dubbeltjie.
Describe the life form of veld spinnekop.
Describe the life form of duiwelsdoring.
Describe the life form of kloudoring.
Describe the life form of wolwedoring.
Describe the life form of leeudoring.
Describe the life form of sengaparile.
Describe the life form of legatapitsi.
Describe the life form of Harpagophyti radix.
Describe the life form of liquorice verbena.
Describe the life form of cidreira.
Describe the life form of melissa.
Describe the life form of red stinkwood.
Describe the life form of African stinkwood.
Describe the life form of African cherry.
Describe the life form of bitter almond.
Describe the life form of iron wood.
Describe the life form of rooistinkhout.
Describe the life form of kiburraburra.
Describe the life form of umkakase.
Describe the life form of pygeum.
Describe the life form of African plum tree.
Describe the life form of Mkomohoyo (Tanzania).
Describe the life form of Mseneo (Tanzania).
Describe the life form of Ntasesa (Uganda).
Describe the life form of Mueri (Kenya).
Describe the life form of Ciruelo africano.
Describe the life form of Alumty (Bamenda - Cameroon).
Describe the life form of Kirah (Banso - Cameroon).
Describe the life form of Lluo (Kom - Cameroon).
Describe the life form of Vla (Oku - Cameroon).
Describe the life form of Wotangue (Bakweri).
Describe the life form of Muiri.
Describe the life form of Tenduet (Kenya).
Describe the life form of Gwane.
Describe the life form of Mgambo.
Describe the life form of Mkomohoyo.
Describe the life form of Mseneo.
Describe the life form of Ntasesa.
Describe the life form of arad.
Describe the life form of bitter albizia.
Describe the life form of oosulay.
Describe the life form of varacchi.
Describe the life form of munja.
Describe the life form of sherkam.
Describe the life form of suranji.
Describe the life form of thuringi.
Describe the life form of unjal.
Describe the life form of woomjai.
Describe the life form of muvola.
Describe the life form of common waterplantain.
Describe the life form of water plantain.
Describe the life form of padda-lepel.
Describe the life form of American waterplantain.
Describe the life form of great water-plantain.
Describe the life form of marsh drain.
Describe the life form of mad-dog weed.
Describe the life form of plantain d'eau ˆ flûteau.
Describe the life form of ratamosarpio.
Describe the life form of svalting.
Describe the life form of kranssvalting.
Describe the life form of vanlig svalting.
Describe the life form of chastukha podorojnikovaya.
Describe the life form of zabieniec babka wodna.
Describe the life form of vassgro.
Describe the life form of vejbred-skeblad.
Describe the life form of gewöhnlicher froschlöffel.
Describe the life form of waterweegbree.
Describe the life form of corr-chopag.
Describe the life form of creat.
Describe the life form of green chireta.
Describe the life form of kariyat.
Describe the life form of kalmegh.
Describe the life form of roi des amers.
Describe the life form of ki oray.
Describe the life form of sambilata.
Describe the life form of ampadu.
Describe the life form of andrografis.
Describe the life form of kariyaat.
Describe the life form of aluy.
Describe the life form of lekha.
Describe the life form of sinta.
Describe the life form of fa thalai chon.
Describe the life form of fa thalai.
Describe the life form of ya kan ngu.
Describe the life form of cong cong.
Describe the life form of khor diejp.
Describe the life form of xuyen tam lien.
Describe the life form of khee-pang-hee.
Describe the life form of yaa kannguu.
Describe the life form of snapdragon.
Describe the life form of rabbit's mouth.
Describe the life form of toad's-mouth.
Describe the life form of calves'-snout.
Describe the life form of lion's mouth.
Describe the life form of flapdragon.
Describe the life form of muflier.
Describe the life form of bocas de lobo.
Describe the life form of focinho de burro.
Describe the life form of boca de dragao.
Describe the life form of boca de leao.
Describe the life form of erva-bezerra.
Describe the life form of boca de dragon.
Describe the life form of hemp dogbane.
Describe the life form of black hemp.
Describe the life form of black Indian hemp.
Describe the life form of Canadian hemp.
Describe the life form of American hemp.
Describe the life form of amy-root.
Describe the life form of bowmans root.
Describe the life form of bitterroot.
Describe the life form of Indian-physic.
Describe the life form of rheumatism weed.
Describe the life form of milkweed.
Describe the life form of wild cotton.
Describe the life form of Choctaw-root.
Describe the life form of snakeroot.
Describe the life form of woodruff.
Describe the life form of asperule.
Describe the life form of waldmeister.
Describe the life form of Herba Asperuale odoratae.
Describe the life form of ivyleaved toadflax.
Describe the life form of kenilworth ivy.
Describe the life form of male fern.
Describe the life form of wurmfarn.
Describe the life form of ormetelg.
Describe the life form of almindelig mangeløv.
Describe the life form of kivikkoalvejuuri.
Describe the life form of stóriburkni.
Describe the life form of coca leaf.
Describe the life form of coca.
Describe the life form of Peru coca.
Describe the life form of Tasmania blue gum.
Describe the life form of eucalyptus.
Describe the life form of southern blue gum.
Describe the life form of blue gum.
Describe the life form of swamp gum.
Describe the life form of eucalipto vulgar.
Describe the life form of fever tree.
Describe the life form of bahir-zaf.
Describe the life form of kaliti (Galinya).
Describe the life form of hemp agrimony.
Describe the life form of Wasserdost.
Describe the life form of hampflockel.
Describe the life form of flocks.
Describe the life form of floksört.
Describe the life form of hampört.
Describe the life form of hjortetrøst.
Describe the life form of punalatva.
Describe the life form of Eupatorii cannabini herba.
Describe the life form of Alpine forget me not.
Describe the life form of restharrow.
Describe the life form of arrete-boeuf.
Describe the life form of bugrane.
Describe the life form of Hauhechel.
Describe the life form of prickly restharrow.
Describe the life form of spiny restharrow.
Describe the life form of Ononidis radix.
Describe the life form of Ononidis herba.
Describe the life form of grass of Parnassus.
Describe the life form of parnassia.
Describe the life form of parnasia.
Describe the life form of weeping wattle.
Describe the life form of african wattle.
Describe the life form of huilboom.
Describe the life form of huilbos.
Describe the life form of isiKhabamkhombe.
Describe the life form of mosetlha.
Describe the life form of umThobo.
Describe the life form of African weeping-wattle.
Describe the life form of Rhodesian wattle.
Describe the life form of rooikiaat.
Describe the life form of mosehla.
Describe the life form of mosese.
Describe the life form of ndzedze.
Describe the life form of musese.
Describe the life form of umsehle.
Describe the life form of dopperkiaat.
Describe the life form of rain bush.
Describe the life form of nhlanhlanhu.
Describe the life form of motlepe.
Describe the life form of omuparara.
Describe the life form of African false wattle.
Describe the life form of butter bur.
Describe the life form of echte Pestwurz.
Describe the life form of Petasitidis folium.
Describe the life form of Petasiditisradix.
Describe the life form of pestskrå.
Describe the life form of pestilensrot.
Describe the life form of pestrot.
Describe the life form of skrå.
Describe the life form of Rote Pestwurz.
Describe the life form of Hjartabla&eth;ka (Iceland?).
Describe the life form of Etel&auml;nruttojuuri (Finish).
Describe the life form of R&oslash;d Hestehov (Danish).
Describe the life form of Tordenskr&aelig;ppe (Danish).
Describe the life form of L&aelig;kjepestro (Norwegian).
Describe the life form of eastern cottonwood.
Describe the life form of cottonwood.
Describe the life form of eastern poplar.
Describe the life form of yellow cottonwood.
Describe the life form of water poplar.
Describe the life form of necklace poplar.
Describe the life form of peuplier d'Amerique.
Describe the life form of choupo da America.
Describe the life form of common tormentil.
Describe the life form of white willow.
Describe the life form of swallow-tailed willow.
Describe the life form of Huntington willow.
Describe the life form of saule blanc.
Describe the life form of Weide.
Describe the life form of salgueiro branco.
Describe the life form of borrazeira branca.
Describe the life form of sinceiro.
Describe the life form of Salicis cortex.
Describe the life form of Salicis folium.
Describe the life form of biting stonecrop.
Describe the life form of mossy stonecrop.
Describe the life form of golden carpet.
Describe the life form of goldmoss stonecrop.
Describe the life form of bird's-bread.
Describe the life form of love-entangle.
Describe the life form of wall grass.
Describe the life form of pao de passaros.
Describe the life form of pimenta das paredes.
Describe the life form of saiao-acre.
Describe the life form of golden rod.
Describe the life form of European goldenrod.
Describe the life form of Solidago.
Describe the life form of vergadoro.
Describe the life form of gullris.
Describe the life form of almindelig gyldenris.
Describe the life form of kultapiisku.
Describe the life form of gewöhnliche Goldrute.
Describe the life form of vara-de-ouro.
Describe the life form of vara de oro.
Describe the life form of Solidaginis herba.
Describe the life form of Virgae aureae herba.
Describe the life form of baldcypress.
Describe the life form of valerian.
Describe the life form of garden heliotrope.
Describe the life form of allheal.
Describe the life form of cherry pie.
Describe the life form of valeriana.
Describe the life form of læge baldrian.
Describe the life form of erva dos gatos.
Describe the life form of Baldrian.
Describe the life form of Valerianae rhizoma et radix.
Describe the life form of Aaron's rod.
Describe the life form of mullein.
Describe the life form of common mullein.
Describe the life form of great mullein.
Describe the life form of velvet dock.
Describe the life form of bullock's lungwort.
Describe the life form of flannel plant.
Describe the life form of flannel leaf.
Describe the life form of candlewick.
Describe the life form of feltwort.
Describe the life form of harebread.
Describe the life form of adam's flannel.
Describe the life form of velvet plant.
Describe the life form of shepherd's club.
Describe the life form of hag's taper.
Describe the life form of filtet kongelys.
Describe the life form of verbasco vulgar.
Describe the life form of ulin ironwood.
Describe the life form of african potato.
Describe the life form of star-flower.
Describe the life form of sterblom.
Describe the life form of gifbol.
Describe the life form of lotsane.
Describe the life form of molikharatsa.
Describe the life form of inkomfe.
Describe the life form of white bryony.
Describe the life form of raudgallbær.
Describe the life form of tvebo galdebær.
Describe the life form of punakoiranköynnös.
Describe the life form of zweihäusige zaunrübe.
Describe the life form of röd hundrova.
Describe the life form of Canadian fleabane.
Describe the life form of Kanadisches berufkraut.
Describe the life form of Kanadabinka.
Describe the life form of hestehamp.
Describe the life form of Kanadisk bakkestjerne.
Describe the life form of Kanadankoiransilmä.
Describe the life form of bella umbra.
Describe the life form of belhambra.
Describe the life form of belombra.
Describe the life form of bella sombra.
Describe the life form of monkey grape.
Describe the life form of ombu.
Describe the life form of umbra.
Describe the life form of dikboom.
Describe the life form of bela sombra.
Describe the life form of common club moss.
Describe the life form of driedoring.
Describe the life form of threethorn rhigozum.
Describe the life form of three-thorn.
Describe the life form of Kalahari soap bush.
Describe the life form of mokuburwane.
Describe the life form of mokurubane.
Describe the life form of beechwood.
Describe the life form of Transvaal beech.
Describe the life form of African beech.
Describe the life form of faia africana.
Describe the life form of boekenhout.
Describe the life form of transvaalboekenhout.
Describe the life form of mongena.
Describe the life form of mohlako.
Describe the life form of n'wamidzumba.
Describe the life form of monyena.
Describe the life form of mofufu.
Describe the life form of mutango.
Describe the life form of isafo.
Describe the life form of isefo.
Describe the life form of red boekenhout.
Describe the life form of rooiboekenhout.
Describe the life form of bosveldboekenhout.
Describe the life form of isiqalaba.
Describe the life form of isidwadwa.
Describe the life form of umonyela.
Describe the life form of umcalathole.
Describe the life form of Mukushi.
Describe the life form of Mukusi.
Describe the life form of Rhodesian teak.
Describe the life form of Umgusi.
Describe the life form of Zambesi redwood.
Describe the life form of Rhodesian chestnut.
Describe the life form of tree wistaria.
Describe the life form of wild wistaria.
Describe the life form of elephant wood.
Describe the life form of vanwykshout.
Describe the life form of olifantshout.
Describe the life form of umHohlo.
Describe the life form of Van Wykshout.
Describe the life form of mpfimbahongonyi.
Describe the life form of kgomo-nahlabana.
Describe the life form of muswinga-phala.
Describe the life form of mukumba.
Describe the life form of motsokophala.
Describe the life form of mogohlo.
Describe the life form of wistaria tree.
Describe the life form of nsukungaphala.
Describe the life form of mogapa.
Describe the life form of African blackwood.
Describe the life form of Senegal ebony.
Describe the life form of pau-preto de Africa.
Describe the life form of Cape ash.
Describe the life form of dog plum.
Describe the life form of essenhout.
Describe the life form of umgwenyezinja.
Describe the life form of umgwenya-wezinja.
Describe the life form of umnyamathi.
Describe the life form of uvungu.
Describe the life form of usimanaye.
Describe the life form of umanaye.
Describe the life form of inyamathi.
Describe the life form of mmidibidi.
Describe the life form of mudouma.
Describe the life form of mutovuma.
Describe the life form of musoso.
Describe the life form of muxoxo.
Describe the life form of sapato do diabo.
Describe the life form of velvet bushwillow.
Describe the life form of velvet-leaved combretum.
Describe the life form of fluweelboswilg.
Describe the life form of basterrooibos.
Describe the life form of inKukutwane.
Describe the life form of imMbondvo.
Describe the life form of molatswe.
Describe the life form of xikhukhutsane.
Describe the life form of modubatshipi.
Describe the life form of moduba.
Describe the life form of umBondwe.
Describe the life form of umBondwe-omhlope.
Describe the life form of mokgwethe.
Describe the life form of mugwiti.
Describe the life form of grindelia.
Describe the life form of edelweiss.
Describe the life form of stella alpina.
Describe the life form of flower of Salzburg and Tyrol.
Describe the life form of Austrian flower.
Describe the life form of globeflower.
Describe the life form of engblomme.
Describe the life form of alpine snowbell.
Describe the life form of cobweb houseleek.
Describe the life form of spiderweb leek.
Describe the life form of cottony houseleek.
Describe the life form of hart's tongue.
Describe the life form of dwarf elder.
Describe the life form of danewort.
Describe the life form of elderwort.
Describe the life form of sabugueirinho.
Describe the life form of engos.
Describe the life form of ebulo.
Describe the life form of erva de S. Cristovao.
Describe the life form of alpenrose.
Describe the life form of Rostblättrige Alpenrose.
Describe the life form of kidneywort.
Describe the life form of navleurt.
Describe the life form of common spleenwort.
Describe the life form of mjältbräken.
Describe the life form of kattgullbräken.
Describe the life form of miltbregne.
Describe the life form of rustyback.
Describe the life form of schriftfarn.
Describe the life form of black cohosh.
Describe the life form of common dogwood.
Describe the life form of dogwood.
Describe the life form of bloodtwig dogwood.
Describe the life form of swamp dogwood.
Describe the life form of pegwood.
Describe the life form of sanguinho-legitimo.
Describe the life form of skogskornell.
Describe the life form of benved.
Describe the life form of hårdved.
Describe the life form of vildkornell.
Describe the life form of villkornell.
Describe the life form of rød kornel.
Describe the life form of mustamarjakanukka.
Describe the life form of roter hartriegel.
Describe the life form of Scottish laburnum.
Describe the life form of laburnum.
Describe the life form of Alpgullregn.
Describe the life form of Alpegullregn.
Describe the life form of Alpe-guldregn.
Describe the life form of kaljukultasade.
Describe the life form of kultasade.
Describe the life form of hepatica.
Describe the life form of cat's foot.
Describe the life form of mountain everlasting.
Describe the life form of asarabacca.
Describe the life form of hasselurt.
Describe the life form of europeisk hasselört.
Describe the life form of taponlehti.
Describe the life form of Haselwurz.
Describe the life form of Asari herba cum radix.
Describe the life form of wall rue.
Describe the life form of melancholy gentleman.
Describe the life form of astrantia.
Describe the life form of globe daisy.
Describe the life form of globularia.
Describe the life form of bergskrabba.
Describe the life form of kuleblom.
Describe the life form of kugleblomst.
Describe the life form of peony.
Describe the life form of java tea.
Describe the life form of kidney tea plant.
Describe the life form of the' de java.
Describe the life form of kumis kucing.
Describe the life form of remuk jung.
Describe the life form of balbas-pusa.
Describe the life form of kabling-gubat.
Describe the life form of ya nuat maeo.
Describe the life form of rau meo.
Describe the life form of cay bong bac.
Describe the life form of lesser broomrape.
Describe the life form of seaside alder.
Describe the life form of amieiro maritimo.
Describe the life form of Japanese burning-bush.
Describe the life form of evonimo do Japao.
Describe the life form of yohimbe.
Describe the life form of yohimbin.
Describe the life form of yohimbe bark.
Describe the life form of match-wood.
Describe the life form of mountain trumpet.
Describe the life form of bois de mai.
Describe the life form of bois de Saint Jean.
Describe the life form of cordovan.
Describe the life form of mandiocí.
Describe the life form of marupauba-flasco.
Describe the life form of morototó.
Describe the life form of mucututú.
Describe the life form of pará-pará.
Describe the life form of pau-caixeta.
Describe the life form of paxixica.
Describe the life form of sambacuim.
Describe the life form of anonillo.
Describe the life form of sanch-uva.
Describe the life form of yagrumo macho.
Describe the life form of purple coneflower.
Describe the life form of red sunflower.
Describe the life form of roter Sonnenhut.
Describe the life form of Herba echinaceae purpureae.
Describe the life form of Colorado columbine.
Describe the life form of red columbine.
Describe the life form of wild columbine.
Describe the life form of Canada columbine.
Describe the life form of American columbine.
Describe the life form of meetinghouse.
Describe the life form of rock-bells.
Describe the life form of honeysuckle.
Describe the life form of rock-lily.
Describe the life form of jack-in-trousers.
Describe the life form of cluckies.
Describe the life form of wild honeysuckle.
Describe the life form of northern bush honeysuckle.
Describe the life form of fewflower milkweed.
Describe the life form of purple silkweed.
Describe the life form of common blue wood aster.
Describe the life form of common blue heart-leaved aster.
Describe the life form of blue wood aster.
Describe the life form of Nyasaland mahogany.
Describe the life form of Red mahogany.
Describe the life form of roseroot stonecrop.
Describe the life form of golden root.
Describe the life form of artic root.
Describe the life form of king's crown.
Describe the life form of orpin rose.
Describe the life form of róeniec górski.
Describe the life form of rosenrot.
Describe the life form of rosenrod.
Describe the life form of ruusujuuri.
Describe the life form of burnirót.
Describe the life form of rosenwurz.
Describe the life form of roınis koren.
Describe the life form of rozchodnice rıová.
Describe the life form of hong jing tian.
Describe the life form of iwa-benkei.
Describe the life form of roosilõhnaline kuldjuur.
Describe the life form of cha nang.
Describe the life form of hae phan chan.
Describe the life form of ian don.
Describe the life form of khan nang.
Describe the life form of krung badan.
Describe the life form of lai phueak.
Describe the life form of plalai phueak.
Describe the life form of trueng badan.
Describe the life form of tung so.
Describe the life form of yik bo thong.
Describe the life form of yik mai thueng.
Describe the life form of phiak.
Describe the life form of bedara pahit.
Describe the life form of bedara putih.
Describe the life form of bidara laut.
Describe the life form of lempudu pahit.
Describe the life form of muntah bumi.
Describe the life form of penawar pahit.
Describe the life form of petani bumi.
Describe the life form of tongkat ali.
Describe the life form of tongkat baginda.
Describe the life form of payung ali.
Describe the life form of babi kurus.
Describe the life form of pasak bumi.
Describe the life form of tungke ali.
Describe the life form of markhamia.
Describe the life form of mgambo.
Describe the life form of Sydney peppermint.
Describe the life form of Himalayan poplar.
Describe the life form of bangikat poplar.
Describe the life form of peuplier de l'Himalaya.
Describe the life form of choupo do Himalaia.
Describe the life form of chopo de Himalaia.
Describe the life form of bagnu.
Describe the life form of banpipal.
Describe the life form of chalni.
Describe the life form of chalun.
Describe the life form of pahari pipal.
Describe the life form of safeda.
Describe the life form of East African camphor wood.
Describe the life form of parasol tree.
Describe the life form of setala.
Describe the life form of mutati.
Describe the life form of African nutmeg.
Describe the life form of boxboard.
Describe the life form of cardboard.
Describe the life form of false nutmeg.
Describe the life form of pycnanthus.
Describe the life form of akwa-mili.
Describe the life form of oje.
Describe the life form of lunaba.
Describe the life form of munaba.
Describe the life form of calabo.
Describe the life form of ilomba.
Describe the life form of akomu.
Describe the life form of cheloni.
Describe the life form of mukria sal.
Describe the life form of laukya.
Describe the life form of needlewood.
Describe the life form of schima.
Describe the life form of chilauni.
Describe the life form of kanak.
Describe the life form of makusal.
Describe the life form of madang gatal.
Describe the life form of puspa.
Describe the life form of seru.
Describe the life form of khai sou.
Describe the life form of Œmi.
Describe the life form of boun nak.
Describe the life form of gatal-gatal.
Describe the life form of kelinchi padi.
Describe the life form of medang gatal.
Describe the life form of samak.
Describe the life form of aule-chilaune.
Describe the life form of goe-chassi.
Describe the life form of sule-chilauni.
Describe the life form of bunnak.
Describe the life form of champa dong.
Describe the life form of thalo.
Describe the life form of mang tan.
Describe the life form of simartolu.
Describe the life form of v[oos]i thu[oos]c.
Describe the life form of darot.
Describe the life form of subagh.
Describe the life form of subaraya.
Describe the life form of hareri biiris.
Describe the life form of mbarao.
Describe the life form of Madagascar almond.
