Describe the physiology of bai dao dou.
Describe the physiology of dao dou.
Describe the physiology of Madagaskarbohne.
Describe the physiology of jackbohne.
Describe the physiology of bhindee.
Describe the physiology of bhindi.
Describe the physiology of bindi.
Describe the physiology of bumbo.
Describe the physiology of bunga depros.
Describe the physiology of calulu'.
Describe the physiology of cantarella.
Describe the physiology of chaucha turca.
Describe the physiology of dâu bap.
Describe the physiology of Eibisch.
Describe the physiology of frutto d‚ibisco.
Describe the physiology of gobbo.
Describe the physiology of gombaut.
Describe the physiology of gombo.
Describe the physiology of Gombro.
Describe the physiology of haluyoy.
Describe the physiology of huang qiu kui.
Describe the physiology of ibisco.
Describe the physiology of kacang bendi.
Describe the physiology of kacang lender.
Describe the physiology of kembang dapros.
Describe the physiology of ketmie comestible.
Describe the physiology of kopi arab.
Describe the physiology of krachiap man.
Describe the physiology of krachiapkhieo.
Describe the physiology of lady fingers.
Describe the physiology of lady's finger.
Describe the physiology of mesta.
Describe the physiology of ocra.
Describe the physiology of okay.
Describe the physiology of oker.
Describe the physiology of okra.
Describe the physiology of okro.
Describe the physiology of okura.
Describe the physiology of quiabo.
Describe the physiology of quimbambo.
Describe the physiology of quimgombó.
Describe the physiology of quingombo.
Describe the physiology of ramturai.
Describe the physiology of rosenapfel.
Describe the physiology of saluyota bunga.
Describe the physiology of sayur bendi.
Describe the physiology of tori.
Describe the physiology of tuah lek.
Describe the physiology of vendakai.
Describe the physiology of yong kok dau.
Describe the physiology of neka (Simbo).
Describe the physiology of bele (Fiji).
Describe the physiology of pele (Tonga.
Describe the physiology of Tuvalu).
Describe the physiology of aibika.
Describe the physiology of island cabbage.
Describe the physiology of baera.
Describe the physiology of bush spinach.
Describe the physiology of peli.
Describe the physiology of slippery cabbage (Solomon Is.).
Describe the physiology of bush cabbage.
Describe the physiology of slipery kabis.
Describe the physiology of Acacia Coral.
Describe the physiology of adenantero.
Describe the physiology of Agati.
Describe the physiology of Agati Petite Feuille.
Describe the physiology of Arbreglise.
Describe the physiology of Barbados coralwood.
Describe the physiology of Barbados pride.
Describe the physiology of bead tree.
Describe the physiology of Bois Noir de Bourbon.
Describe the physiology of Bois Noir la Graine.
Describe the physiology of Bois Noir Rouge.
Describe the physiology of Bois Noir.
Describe the physiology of caralillo.
Describe the physiology of caralín.
Describe the physiology of carolina.
Describe the physiology of chan‚trèi.
Describe the physiology of circassian bean.
Describe the physiology of circassian seed.
Describe the physiology of Corail Vegetale.
Describe the physiology of Coral Wood.
Describe the physiology of coral.
Describe the physiology of Coralitos.
Describe the physiology of coralitos peonía.
Describe the physiology of crab's eyes.
Describe the physiology of Curly Bean.
Describe the physiology of Deleite.
Describe the physiology of Delicia.
Describe the physiology of Dilmawi.
Describe the physiology of église.
Describe the physiology of Extranjera.
Describe the physiology of flower-fence.
Describe the physiology of Graine-r‚glisse.
Describe the physiology of Graines Rouges.
Describe the physiology of Jumbi Bead.
Describe the physiology of L‚glise.
Describe the physiology of jumbie bead.
Describe the physiology of kitoke laut.
Describe the physiology of Lagati.
Describe the physiology of lam.
Describe the physiology of legliz.
Describe the physiology of Lera.
Describe the physiology of lopa.
Describe the physiology of ma clam ta cheng.
Describe the physiology of ma clam ton.
Describe the physiology of ma hok daeng.
Describe the physiology of mai-chek.
Describe the physiology of malatinglin.
Describe the physiology of mangelim.
Describe the physiology of olho de pavao.
Describe the physiology of Paina.
Describe the physiology of peacock flower-fence.
Describe the physiology of peronía.
Describe the physiology of peronías.
Describe the physiology of Pitipitio.
Describe the physiology of Pomea.
Describe the physiology of Popoa.
Describe the physiology of R‚glisse.
Describe the physiology of raktakambal.
Describe the physiology of Red Bead Tree.
Describe the physiology of Red Sandalwood Tree.
Describe the physiology of Red Sandalwood.
Describe the physiology of reglisse.
Describe the physiology of saga telik.
Describe the physiology of saga tumpul.
Describe the physiology of saga.
Describe the physiology of sandal bead tree.
Describe the physiology of segawe sabrang.
Describe the physiology of suga.
Describe the physiology of temo-carolina.
Describe the physiology of tento carolina.
Describe the physiology of Vaivai Ni Vavalagired.
Describe the physiology of sandalwood tree.
Describe the physiology of zumbic tree.
Describe the physiology of candlenut.
Describe the physiology of tuitui (Tonga).
Describe the physiology of lama.
Describe the physiology of Candle nut.
Describe the physiology of wild leek.
Describe the physiology of vine leek.
Describe the physiology of Levant garlic.
Describe the physiology of alho porro bravo.
Describe the physiology of liiki.
Describe the physiology of onion.
Describe the physiology of potato onion.
Describe the physiology of shallot.
Describe the physiology of echalote.
Describe the physiology of oignon.
Describe the physiology of cebolla.
Describe the physiology of basal.
Describe the physiology of cebola.
Describe the physiology of cipolla.
Describe the physiology of Zwiebel.
Describe the physiology of Küchenzwiebel.
Describe the physiology of lök.
Describe the physiology of rödlök.
Describe the physiology of løg.
Describe the physiology of rødløg.
Describe the physiology of kepaløk.
Describe the physiology of ruokasipuli.
Describe the physiology of ui.
Describe the physiology of ajuin.
Describe the physiology of mózespecsenye.
Describe the physiology of zsidószalonna.
Describe the physiology of hagyma.
Describe the physiology of vöröshagyma.
Describe the physiology of zöldhagyma.
Describe the physiology of újhagyma (green onion).
Describe the physiology of cibule.
Describe the physiology of ceba.
Describe the physiology of cepo.
Describe the physiology of sercajo.
Describe the physiology of spritajo.
Describe the physiology of uinnean.
Describe the physiology of Bulbus Allii Cepae.
Describe the physiology of uie.
Describe the physiology of luk.
Describe the physiology of cebula jadalna.
Describe the physiology of sogan.
Describe the physiology of pias.
Describe the physiology of kremmídi.
Describe the physiology of laukur.
Describe the physiology of yang-ts'ung.
Describe the physiology of chung.
Describe the physiology of cong.
Describe the physiology of ts'ung.
Describe the physiology of chung tau.
Describe the physiology of ts'ung tau.
Describe the physiology of yang ts'ung.
Describe the physiology of tamanegi.
Describe the physiology of atasuki.
Describe the physiology of wakegi.
Describe the physiology of kalik.
Describe the physiology of piaz.
Describe the physiology of piyaz.
Describe the physiology of varosa.
Describe the physiology of key shinkurt.
Describe the physiology of ponoru.
Describe the physiology of pianj.
Describe the physiology of kesunni.
Describe the physiology of kyet-thun-ni.
Describe the physiology of harili sibul.
Describe the physiology of dungari.
Describe the physiology of yarok.
Describe the physiology of batzal.
Describe the physiology of bawang merah.
Describe the physiology of bawang daun.
Describe the physiology of daun bawang (green leaf).
Describe the physiology of nirulli.
Describe the physiology of khtim slek.
Describe the physiology of khtim kraham.
Describe the physiology of phak bouo.
Describe the physiology of bawang daun (green leaf).
Describe the physiology of ulli.
Describe the physiology of kanda.
Describe the physiology of piaja.
Describe the physiology of ayun.
Describe the physiology of peyaz.
Describe the physiology of ceapã.
Describe the physiology of palandu.
Describe the physiology of lunu.
Describe the physiology of kitunguu.
Describe the physiology of sibuyas.
Describe the physiology of irulli.
Describe the physiology of vengayam.
Describe the physiology of ton hom.
Describe the physiology of hua hom.
Describe the physiology of hanh.
Describe the physiology of lasóna.
Describe the physiology of branching onion.
Describe the physiology of Spanish onion.
Describe the physiology of Japanese bunching onion.
Describe the physiology of chibol.
Describe the physiology of Spring onion.
Describe the physiology of stone leek.
Describe the physiology of Japanese leek.
Describe the physiology of Welsh onion.
Describe the physiology of ceboleta de Espanha.
Describe the physiology of whitespot.
Describe the physiology of giant arum.
Describe the physiology of purple amaranth.
Describe the physiology of amaranth.
Describe the physiology of kata natay.
Describe the physiology of chulai.
Describe the physiology of elephant foot yam.
Describe the physiology of elephant yam.
Describe the physiology of yam.
Describe the physiology of mamuang himmaphan.
Describe the physiology of yaruang.
Describe the physiology of mamuang letlor.
Describe the physiology of cashew.
Describe the physiology of cashew nut.
Describe the physiology of acajou á pomme.
Describe the physiology of noix d'acajou.
Describe the physiology of marañon.
Describe the physiology of casho.
Describe the physiology of cashu.
Describe the physiology of cajou.
Describe the physiology of anacardier.
Describe the physiology of caju.
Describe the physiology of acajú.
Describe the physiology of kasjoe.
Describe the physiology of mereke.
Describe the physiology of kaju.
Describe the physiology of apu initia.
Describe the physiology of kesiu.
Describe the physiology of cashewnuss.
Describe the physiology of cashewbaum.
Describe the physiology of jambu mortyet.
Describe the physiology of jambu mede.
Describe the physiology of gajus.
Describe the physiology of jambu monyet.
Describe the physiology of kasoy.
Describe the physiology of balubad.
Describe the physiology of balogo.
Describe the physiology of thiho thayet si.
Describe the physiology of svaay chantii.
Describe the physiology of dao lon hot.
Describe the physiology of cay dieu.
Describe the physiology of nut-cashew.
Describe the physiology of pineapple.
Describe the physiology of pina.
Describe the physiology of po lo mah.
Describe the physiology of ananas.
Describe the physiology of abacaxi.
Describe the physiology of vadra.
Describe the physiology of vainaviu.
Describe the physiology of andras.
Describe the physiology of hukifa.
Describe the physiology of fala'aiga.
Describe the physiology of faina.
Describe the physiology of ara painapa (Cooks).
Describe the physiology of balawa.
Describe the physiology of fala papalagi.
Describe the physiology of painapolo (Tuvalu).
Describe the physiology of sub-pah-rohd.
Describe the physiology of soursop.
Describe the physiology of corossol épineux.
Describe the physiology of Stachelannone.
Describe the physiology of zuurzak.
Describe the physiology of guanabana.
Describe the physiology of sirsak.
Describe the physiology of nangka belanda.
Describe the physiology of nangka seberang.
Describe the physiology of durian belanda.
Describe the physiology of durian benggala.
Describe the physiology of durian makkah.
Describe the physiology of saua sap.
Describe the physiology of guayabano.
Describe the physiology of atti.
Describe the physiology of llabanos.
Describe the physiology of tiep banla.
Describe the physiology of tiep barang.
Describe the physiology of khan thalot.
Describe the physiology of khièp thét.
Describe the physiology of thurian-thet.
Describe the physiology of thurian-khaek.
Describe the physiology of rian-nam.
Describe the physiology of mang câù xiê.
Describe the physiology of seremaia.
Describe the physiology of sarifa.
Describe the physiology of talapo fotofoto.
Describe the physiology of sasalapa.
Describe the physiology of 'apeli'initia.
Describe the physiology of apeli'initia.
Describe the physiology of sapsap.
Describe the physiology of custard apple.
Describe the physiology of bullock's heart.
Describe the physiology of sugar apple.
Describe the physiology of anona.
Describe the physiology of anona colodado.
Describe the physiology of anona rosada.
Describe the physiology of corazon.
Describe the physiology of coracao de boi.
Describe the physiology of cahuex.
Describe the physiology of pox.
Describe the physiology of qualtzapotl.
Describe the physiology of tzimuy.
Describe the physiology of sugar apple.
Describe the physiology of sweetsop.
Describe the physiology of scaly custard apple.
Describe the physiology of custard apple.
Describe the physiology of zuckerapfel.
Describe the physiology of stachelanone.
Describe the physiology of cherimoya.
Describe the physiology of attier.
Describe the physiology of poreroe cannelle.
Describe the physiology of pomme cannelle.
Describe the physiology of anon.
Describe the physiology of anon de azucar.
Describe the physiology of anona de castilla.
Describe the physiology of fruta do conde.
Describe the physiology of scopappel.
Describe the physiology of kaneelappel.
Describe the physiology of fan-li-chi.
Describe the physiology of sirkaja.
Describe the physiology of sarikaja.
Describe the physiology of atis.
Describe the physiology of ata.
Describe the physiology of luna.
Describe the physiology of meba.
Describe the physiology of sharifa.
Describe the physiology of sarifa.
Describe the physiology of sitaphal.
Describe the physiology of sita pandu.
Describe the physiology of nona sri kaya.
Describe the physiology of bnah nona.
Describe the physiology of seri kaya.
Describe the physiology of tiep baay.
Describe the physiology of tiep.
Describe the physiology of mang cau ta.
Describe the physiology of noinah.
Describe the physiology of manonah.
Describe the physiology of makkhiap.
Describe the physiology of lanang.
Describe the physiology of mak khbieb.
Describe the physiology of na.
Describe the physiology of mang caua ta.
Describe the physiology of qu a na.
Describe the physiology of wild celery.
Describe the physiology of celery.
Describe the physiology of celery seed.
Describe the physiology of apio.
Describe the physiology of celeri.
Describe the physiology of Sellerie.
Describe the physiology of selleri.
Describe the physiology of karafs.
Describe the physiology of selderij.
Describe the physiology of sedano.
Describe the physiology of aipo.
Describe the physiology of syel'derey.
Describe the physiology of serorii.
Describe the physiology of ch'in.
Describe the physiology of Apii folium.
Describe the physiology of seldery.
Describe the physiology of celery.
Describe the physiology of hoop pine.
Describe the physiology of colonial pine.
Describe the physiology of Richmond river pine.
Describe the physiology of alloa.
Describe the physiology of ningwik.
Describe the physiology of pien.
Describe the physiology of betel nut palm.
Describe the physiology of betel nut.
Describe the physiology of arecanut.
Describe the physiology of areca nut.
Describe the physiology of areca palm.
Describe the physiology of betel palm.
Describe the physiology of Arekapalme.
Describe the physiology of noix d`arec.
Describe the physiology of Betelnusspalme.
Describe the physiology of Iburu (Simbo).
Describe the physiology of heta (Roviana).
Describe the physiology of buai.
Describe the physiology of kabibi.
Describe the physiology of Arecae semen.
Describe the physiology of Semen arecae.
Describe the physiology of Nuces arecae.
Describe the physiology of Ping lang.
Describe the physiology of arequier.
Describe the physiology of supari.
Describe the physiology of pinang.
Describe the physiology of gua.
Describe the physiology of adike.
Describe the physiology of kamuya.
Describe the physiology of poka-vakka.
Describe the physiology of kun.
Describe the physiology of thamul.
Describe the physiology of adikke.
Describe the physiology of aakkamaram.
Describe the physiology of kavungu.
Describe the physiology of pophal.
Describe the physiology of kamugu.
Describe the physiology of pakku maram.
Describe the physiology of vakka.
Describe the physiology of jack fruit.
Describe the physiology of jackfruit.
Describe the physiology of jacquiet.
Describe the physiology of nangka.
Describe the physiology of nongko.
Describe the physiology of kapiak.
Describe the physiology of langka.
Describe the physiology of peignai.
Describe the physiology of khnadr.
Describe the physiology of miiz.
Describe the physiology of miiz hnang.
Describe the physiology of khanun.
Describe the physiology of makmi.
Describe the physiology of banun.
Describe the physiology of mít.
Describe the physiology of Mfenesi.
Describe the physiology of giant reed.
Describe the physiology of gasau ni vavalagi.
Describe the physiology of wild cane.
Describe the physiology of asparagus.
Describe the physiology of espárrago.
Describe the physiology of aspargo.
Describe the physiology of Spargel.
Describe the physiology of oat.
Describe the physiology of oats.
Describe the physiology of hawer.
Describe the physiology of hafer.
Describe the physiology of avena.
Describe the physiology of avoine.
Describe the physiology of avoine farine.
Describe the physiology of vanlig havre.
Describe the physiology of havre.
Describe the physiology of almindelig havre.
Describe the physiology of peltokaura.
Describe the physiology of kaura.
Describe the physiology of akurhafrar.
Describe the physiology of saat-hafer.
Describe the physiology of blimbi.
Describe the physiology of kamrakh.
Describe the physiology of Bilimbi.
Describe the physiology of Tree cucumber.
Describe the physiology of five corner.
Describe the physiology of carambola.
Describe the physiology of carambole.
Describe the physiology of wi ni jaina.
Describe the physiology of wi ni idia.
Describe the physiology of kamrakh.
Describe the physiology of star fruit.
Describe the physiology of Faiv kona.
Describe the physiology of karmara.
Describe the physiology of belimbing pessegi.
Describe the physiology of belimbing saji.
Describe the physiology of belimbing batu.
Describe the physiology of belembing pessegi.
Describe the physiology of belembing sayur.
Describe the physiology of kambola.
Describe the physiology of balimbin.
Describe the physiology of galangan.
Describe the physiology of garahan.
Describe the physiology of sirinato.
Describe the physiology of wou-lien.
Describe the physiology of caykhe (Indochina).
Describe the physiology of vinagrillo (Dominican Rep.).
Describe the physiology of mamoncillo chino (Panama).
Describe the physiology of ziblime (Haiti).
Describe the physiology of carnico.
Describe the physiology of Indian cucumber.
Describe the physiology of turiguno.
Describe the physiology of cayenne lime.
Describe the physiology of Chinese tamarind.
Describe the physiology of sweet tamarind.
Describe the physiology of common bamboo.
Describe the physiology of feathery bamboo.
Describe the physiology of bambu' vulgar.
Describe the physiology of Mambu.
Describe the physiology of Murangi.
Describe the physiology of golden bamboo.
Describe the physiology of poeierkwasboom.
Describe the physiology of kye-bin.
Describe the physiology of kyi.
Describe the physiology of brack-water mangrove.
Describe the physiology of common putat.
Describe the physiology of freshwater mangrove.
Describe the physiology of hippo apple.
Describe the physiology of powder-puff tree.
Describe the physiology of wild guava.
Describe the physiology of apalang.
Describe the physiology of butan darat.
Describe the physiology of penggung.
Describe the physiology of putat sungai.
Describe the physiology of som pawng.
Describe the physiology of putat ayam.
Describe the physiology of putat ayer.
Describe the physiology of putat aying.
Describe the physiology of putat kampong.
Describe the physiology of chik ban.
Describe the physiology of chik suan.
Describe the physiology of mangrove.
Describe the physiology of Malabar spinach.
Describe the physiology of white stem Malabar spinach.
Describe the physiology of Ceylon spinach.
Describe the physiology of Indian spinach.
Describe the physiology of white vine spinach.
Describe the physiology of vine spinach.
Describe the physiology of Malabar nightshade.
Describe the physiology of country spinach.
Describe the physiology of bertalha vermelha.
Describe the physiology of Malabarspinat.
Describe the physiology of basela branca.
Describe the physiology of bertalha branca.
Describe the physiology of basela vermelha.
Describe the physiology of melao de soldado.
Describe the physiology of sabao de soldado.
Describe the physiology of Malabar spinach.
Describe the physiology of red stem Malabar spinach.
Describe the physiology of Ceylon spinach.
Describe the physiology of Indian spinach.
Describe the physiology of red vine spinach.
Describe the physiology of vine spinach.
Describe the physiology of Malabar nightshade.
Describe the physiology of Malabarspinat.
Describe the physiology of orchid tree.
Describe the physiology of bauhinia.
Describe the physiology of camels foot.
Describe the physiology of mountain-ebony.
Describe the physiology of poor man's orchid.
Describe the physiology of rakta-kanchan.
Describe the physiology of kachnar.
Describe the physiology of kotidaram.
Describe the physiology of flamboyán orquídea.
Describe the physiology of palo de orquídeas.
Describe the physiology of segapumanchorii.
Describe the physiology of wax gourd.
Describe the physiology of winter gourd.
Describe the physiology of fuzzy melon.
Describe the physiology of hairy melon.
Describe the physiology of Chinese squash.
Describe the physiology of Chinese moqua.
Describe the physiology of Chinese preserving melon.
Describe the physiology of Chinese vegetable marrow.
Describe the physiology of Chinese winter melon.
Describe the physiology of moqua.
Describe the physiology of zit-kwa.
Describe the physiology of Silver beet.
Describe the physiology of Beetroot.
Describe the physiology of Sugarbeet.
Describe the physiology of Zuckerrübe.
Describe the physiology of beggar's tick.
Describe the physiology of cobbler's pegs.
Describe the physiology of common blackjack.
Describe the physiology of black jack.
Describe the physiology of Spanish needle.
Describe the physiology of farmer's friend.
Describe the physiology of pitchforks.
Describe the physiology of shepherd's needles.
Describe the physiology of butterfly needles.
Describe the physiology of needleandthread.
Describe the physiology of piquants noirs.
Describe the physiology of amor seco.
Describe the physiology of picao preto.
Describe the physiology of cuamba.
Describe the physiology of xian feng cao.
Describe the physiology of chegogit.
Describe the physiology of fisi'uli.
Describe the physiology of kofe tonga.
Describe the physiology of kofetoga.
Describe the physiology of batimadramadra.
Describe the physiology of mbatimandramandra.
Describe the physiology of mbatikalawau.
Describe the physiology of matakaro.
Describe the physiology of matua kamate.
Describe the physiology of ki.
Describe the physiology of ki nehe.
Describe the physiology of ki pipili.
Describe the physiology of ko'oko'olau.
Describe the physiology of ki nahelehele.
Describe the physiology of nehe.
Describe the physiology of gewone knap-se-kêrel.
Describe the physiology of knapsakkerwel.
Describe the physiology of umhlabangubo.
Describe the physiology of amalenjane.
Describe the physiology of isikhathula.
Describe the physiology of ugamfe.
Describe the physiology of ucucuza.
Describe the physiology of umesisi.
Describe the physiology of uqadolo.
Describe the physiology of piripiri (Cook Islands).
Describe the physiology of tae puaka (Futuna).
Describe the physiology of kurrajong.
Describe the physiology of Chinese cabbage.
Describe the physiology of pak choi.
Describe the physiology of pakchoi.
Describe the physiology of Pe-tsai.
Describe the physiology of petsai.
Describe the physiology of wong bok.
Describe the physiology of wongbok.
Describe the physiology of Chinese salad.
Describe the physiology of Chou chinois (Fr).
Describe the physiology of kapisi.
Describe the physiology of kapeti ni jaina (Fiji).
Describe the physiology of kapisi siaina (Tonga.
Describe the physiology of Tuvalu).
Describe the physiology of Indian mustard.
Describe the physiology of mustard greens.
Describe the physiology of brown mustard.
Describe the physiology of Chinese mustard.
Describe the physiology of rape.
Describe the physiology of olraps.
Describe the physiology of colza.
Describe the physiology of raapzaad.
Describe the physiology of rypsi.
Describe the physiology of raps.
Describe the physiology of rapsi.
Describe the physiology of oil-seed rape.
Describe the physiology of canola.
Describe the physiology of rutabaga.
Describe the physiology of fodder rape.
Describe the physiology of hungry gap kale.
Describe the physiology of winter oil seed rape.
Describe the physiology of swede rape.
Describe the physiology of Siberian kale.
Describe the physiology of rape seed.
Describe the physiology of swede.
Describe the physiology of Onions (bulb).
Describe the physiology of cauliflower.
Describe the physiology of chou fleur (French).
Describe the physiology of coliflor (Spanish).
Describe the physiology of cavolfiore (Italian).
Describe the physiology of broccoli.
Describe the physiology of heading broccoli.
Describe the physiology of brocoli (French).
Describe the physiology of broccoli (Italian).
Describe the physiology of brocoli (Spanish).
Describe the physiology of cabbage.
Describe the physiology of Shetland cabbage.
Describe the physiology of Savoy cabbage.
Describe the physiology of white cabbage.
Describe the physiology of red cabbage.
Describe the physiology of chou (Fr).
Describe the physiology of repollo (Spanish).
Describe the physiology of cavolo (Italian).
Describe the physiology of kraut (German).
Describe the physiology of kapeti kovu (Fiji).
Describe the physiology of kapisi palangi (Tuvalu).
Describe the physiology of kapisi.
Describe the physiology of kebis.
Describe the physiology of Brussels sprouts.
Describe the physiology of chou de Bruxelles (French).
Describe the physiology of col de bruselas (Spanish).
Describe the physiology of cavolini di Bruxelles (Italian).
Describe the physiology of broccoli.
Describe the physiology of sprouting broccoli.
Describe the physiology of spear cauliflower.
Describe the physiology of calabrese.
Describe the physiology of cape broccoli.
Describe the physiology of winter.
Describe the physiology of purple cauliflower.
Describe the physiology of nine-star perennial broccoli.
Describe the physiology of paper mulberry.
Describe the physiology of tapa.
Describe the physiology of masi.
Describe the physiology of ai masi.
Describe the physiology of malo.
Describe the physiology of u'a.
Describe the physiology of hiapo.
Describe the physiology of Polynesian mulberry.
Describe the physiology of Tapa plant.
Describe the physiology of congo pea.
Describe the physiology of pigeon pea.
Describe the physiology of frijol de arbol.
Describe the physiology of gandul.
Describe the physiology of gandures.
Describe the physiology of guandul.
Describe the physiology of guand.
Describe the physiology of guandú.
Describe the physiology of kumanda yvyra'í (Paraguay).
Describe the physiology of gungo pea.
Describe the physiology of lenteja.
Describe the physiology of pigeon pea bush.
Describe the physiology of pois cajan.
Describe the physiology of pois congo.
Describe the physiology of pois d'angole.
Describe the physiology of pois d'angolie.
Describe the physiology of Pigeonerbse.
Describe the physiology of pwa angole.
Describe the physiology of arhar.
Describe the physiology of quinchonchillo.
Describe the physiology of quinchoncho.
Describe the physiology of thuvarai.
Describe the physiology of duiweboon.
Describe the physiology of Alexandria laurel.
Describe the physiology of Indian laurel.
Describe the physiology of nabangura.
Describe the physiology of tamanu.
Describe the physiology of dilo.
Describe the physiology of te itai.
Describe the physiology of fetau.
Describe the physiology of Kamani.
Describe the physiology of Beauty leaf.
Describe the physiology of Chinese chives.
Describe the physiology of Oriental garlic.
Describe the physiology of nira.
Describe the physiology of cuchay.
Describe the physiology of ku ts'ai.
Describe the physiology of cebolinho da China.
Describe the physiology of tea.
Describe the physiology of ti.
Describe the physiology of chah.
Describe the physiology of cha.
Describe the physiology of tee.
Describe the physiology of ngali nut.
Describe the physiology of canarium almond.
Describe the physiology of canarium nut.
Describe the physiology of nut - ngali.
Describe the physiology of kenari ambon.
Describe the physiology of jal.
Describe the physiology of kanari bagéa.
Describe the physiology of galip.
Describe the physiology of lawela.
Describe the physiology of hinuei.
Describe the physiology of kenari.
Describe the physiology of nangai.
Describe the physiology of jack bean.
Describe the physiology of sword bean.
Describe the physiology of horse gram.
Describe the physiology of Brazilian broad bean.
Describe the physiology of coffee bean.
Describe the physiology of ensiform bean.
Describe the physiology of horse bean.
Describe the physiology of mole bean.
Describe the physiology of bean-jack.
Describe the physiology of Patagonian bean.
Describe the physiology of haricot sabre.
Describe the physiology of pois sabre.
Describe the physiology of haricot sabre à grain blanc.
Describe the physiology of fève jacques.
Describe the physiology of haricot de Madagascar.
Describe the physiology of frijol papa.
Describe the physiology of papa.
Describe the physiology of feijao de porco.
Describe the physiology of feijão espada.
Describe the physiology of yang dao dou.
Describe the physiology of da dao dou.
Describe the physiology of abelmoskus.
Describe the physiology of america-neri.
Describe the physiology of bakhua mun.
Describe the physiology of bamia.
Describe the physiology of bamija.
Describe the physiology of bamya.
Describe the physiology of bandakai.
Describe the physiology of bende'.
Describe the physiology of suha.
Describe the physiology of shouk-ton-oh.
Describe the physiology of som-o.
Describe the physiology of lemon.
Describe the physiology of standard lemon.
Describe the physiology of acid lemon.
Describe the physiology of Meyer lemon.
Describe the physiology of bush lemon.
Describe the physiology of Persian apple.
Describe the physiology of citron.
Describe the physiology of citronnier.
Describe the physiology of schwertbohne.
Describe the physiology of tachinata mame.
Describe the physiology of shiro nata mame.
Describe the physiology of tsurunachinata mame.
Describe the physiology of jackbønne.
Describe the physiology of kara bendo.
Describe the physiology of zwaardboon.
Describe the physiology of kumanda guazú.
Describe the physiology of canna lily.
Describe the physiology of fagamanu.
Describe the physiology of gasau ni ga.
Describe the physiology of sweet pepper.
Describe the physiology of chili pepper.
Describe the physiology of green pepper.
Describe the physiology of lajiao.
Describe the physiology of pimenton.
Describe the physiology of poivre de Guinee.
Describe the physiology of paprika.
Describe the physiology of spansk peppar.
Describe the physiology of spaanse peper.
Describe the physiology of peperone.
Describe the physiology of pimentao.
Describe the physiology of struchkovy pyerets.
Describe the physiology of togarashi.
Describe the physiology of hsiung-ya-li-chiao.
Describe the physiology of filfil ahmar.
Describe the physiology of polo papalagi.
Describe the physiology of polo ula.
Describe the physiology of cayenne pepper.
Describe the physiology of perennial pepper.
Describe the physiology of pimenton.
Describe the physiology of poivre rouge.
Describe the physiology of cayennepfeffer.
Describe the physiology of kajennepeppar.
Describe the physiology of cayennepepper.
Describe the physiology of pepe di caienna.
Describe the physiology of kayenski pyerets.
Describe the physiology of la-chiao.
Describe the physiology of filfil ahmar.
Describe the physiology of chilli.
Describe the physiology of hot pepper.
Describe the physiology of tabasco pepper.
Describe the physiology of polo.
Describe the physiology of boro ni vavalagi.
Describe the physiology of rokete.
Describe the physiology of brandrissie.
Describe the physiology of mircha.
Describe the physiology of te beneka.
Describe the physiology of polo fifisi.
Describe the physiology of Sili.
Describe the physiology of papaya.
Describe the physiology of pawpaw.
Describe the physiology of melon tree.
Describe the physiology of papayier.
Describe the physiology of arbre de melon.
Describe the physiology of gedang.
Describe the physiology of kates.
Describe the physiology of betek.
Describe the physiology of ketalah.
Describe the physiology of kapaya.
Describe the physiology of lapaya.
Describe the physiology of thimbaw.
Describe the physiology of lhong.
Describe the physiology of doeum lahong.
Describe the physiology of houng.
Describe the physiology of malakor.
Describe the physiology of loko.
Describe the physiology of ma kuai thet.
Describe the physiology of du du.
Describe the physiology of esi.
Describe the physiology of weleti.
Describe the physiology of lesi.
Describe the physiology of te papaya (Kiribati).
Describe the physiology of loku(Niue).
Describe the physiology of minita (Cook I).
Describe the physiology of maniako (Simbo).
Describe the physiology of Olesi (Tuvalu).
Describe the physiology of takafo.
Describe the physiology of papita.
Describe the physiology of lechosa (Ven.).
Describe the physiology of casimiroa.
Describe the physiology of Mexican apple.
Describe the physiology of white sapote.
Describe the physiology of sapote blanc.
Describe the physiology of zapote blanco.
Describe the physiology of chapote.
Describe the physiology of matasano.
Describe the physiology of cacchique.
Describe the physiology of ceaxmisttea.
Describe the physiology of cochitzapoti.
Describe the physiology of coffee senna.
Describe the physiology of kapok.
Describe the physiology of kapok tree.
Describe the physiology of silk-cotton tree.
Describe the physiology of Java cotton.
Describe the physiology of god tree.
Describe the physiology of ceiba.
Describe the physiology of vavau ni lokoloko.
Describe the physiology of vavae.
Describe the physiology of white silk-cottontree.
Describe the physiology of capoc.
Describe the physiology of fromager.
Describe the physiology of kapokier.
Describe the physiology of Kapokbaum.
Describe the physiology of sumauma.
Describe the physiology of sumauma da varzea.
Describe the physiology of poilao da sumauma.
Describe the physiology of poilao forro.
Describe the physiology of mafuma.
Describe the physiology of mafumeira.
Describe the physiology of paina lisa.
Describe the physiology of ceba.
Describe the physiology of oca'.
Describe the physiology of arbol capoc.
Describe the physiology of Celosia.
Describe the physiology of Asiatic pennywort.
Describe the physiology of Indian pennywort.
Describe the physiology of marsh pennywort.
Describe the physiology of tiger herbal.
Describe the physiology of waternavel.
Describe the physiology of gotu cola.
Describe the physiology of water pennywort.
Describe the physiology of hydrocotyle asiatique.
Describe the physiology of centela.
Describe the physiology of pegaga.
Describe the physiology of trachiek kranh.
Describe the physiology of duan Kaki Kuda.
Describe the physiology of pegagan.
Describe the physiology of antanan Gede.
Describe the physiology of phak Nok.
Describe the physiology of brahma-manduki.
Describe the physiology of brahmi.
Describe the physiology of min-kuabin.
Describe the physiology of ghod Tapre.
Describe the physiology of takip-kohol.
Describe the physiology of tapingan-daga.
Describe the physiology of hang-halo.
Describe the physiology of icukudwane.
Describe the physiology of totodro.
Describe the physiology of tono.
Describe the physiology of lapukapu.
Describe the physiology of to'etupou.
Describe the physiology of tona.
Describe the physiology of tohetupou.
Describe the physiology of bua bok.
Describe the physiology of pa-na-e khaa-doh.
Describe the physiology of phak wan.
Describe the physiology of rau ma.
Describe the physiology of lien tien thao.
Describe the physiology of phae chen.
Describe the physiology of tish tuyest tharo.
Describe the physiology of caimito.
Describe the physiology of starapple.
Describe the physiology of caimite.
Describe the physiology of pomme surette.
Describe the physiology of sawo ijo.
Describe the physiology of sawo hejo.
Describe the physiology of sawo kadu.
Describe the physiology of sawu duren.
Describe the physiology of pepulut.
Describe the physiology of sataa appoen.
Describe the physiology of endive.
Describe the physiology of chicory.
Describe the physiology of common chicory.
Describe the physiology of wild succory.
Describe the physiology of Belgian endive.
Describe the physiology of blue-sailor's succory.
Describe the physiology of chickory.
Describe the physiology of achicoria.
Describe the physiology of chicorée.
Describe the physiology of chicoria.
Describe the physiology of sigorei.
Describe the physiology of cikoria.
Describe the physiology of vägvårda.
Describe the physiology of sikori.
Describe the physiology of cikorie.
Describe the physiology of sikuri.
Describe the physiology of Wegwarte.
Describe the physiology of Glyceria Wegwarte.
Describe the physiology of Cichorii herba.
Describe the physiology of Cichorii radix.
Describe the physiology of watermelon.
Describe the physiology of pastèque.
Describe the physiology of stolovyj arbuz.
Describe the physiology of melani.
Describe the physiology of sandia.
Describe the physiology of melancia.
Describe the physiology of hsi kwa.
Describe the physiology of xigua.
Describe the physiology of tarbuz.
Describe the physiology of wassermelone.
Describe the physiology of legapu.
Describe the physiology of vandmelon.
Describe the physiology of anguria.
Describe the physiology of cocomero.
Describe the physiology of tsamma.
Describe the physiology of karkoer.
Describe the physiology of tsamma melon.
Describe the physiology of wild watermelon.
Describe the physiology of bitterwaatlemoen.
Describe the physiology of bitterboela.
Describe the physiology of N!Ham.
Describe the physiology of sour orange.
Describe the physiology of bitter orange.
Describe the physiology of pomelo.
Describe the physiology of pummelo.
Describe the physiology of shaddock.
Describe the physiology of pamplemoussier.
Describe the physiology of moli tonga.
Describe the physiology of molikana.
Describe the physiology of jeruk besar.
Describe the physiology of jambua.
Describe the physiology of lukban.
Describe the physiology of mufungufungu.
Describe the physiology of jilahi.
Describe the physiology of Leberwurstbaum.
Describe the physiology of rawuya.
Describe the physiology of uturubein.
Describe the physiology of mPolata.
Describe the physiology of muzungula.
Describe the physiology of limonier.
Describe the physiology of limao.
Describe the physiology of limoeiro.
Describe the physiology of limón.
Describe the physiology of limón agria.
Describe the physiology of limonero.
Describe the physiology of limón real.
Describe the physiology of limón francés.
Describe the physiology of limon amarillo.
Describe the physiology of limone.
Describe the physiology of citroen.
Describe the physiology of Zitrone.
Describe the physiology of jeruk limun.
Describe the physiology of limau nipis.
Describe the physiology of limau mata.
Describe the physiology of krooch chhmaa veeng.
Describe the physiology of naaw th'eed.
Describe the physiology of naaw falang.
Describe the physiology of manao-thet.
Describe the physiology of manao-farang.
Describe the physiology of manao-mairuho.
Describe the physiology of chanh tay.
Describe the physiology of moli karokaro.
Describe the physiology of molisoraiara.
Describe the physiology of molinivmalagi.
Describe the physiology of khatta nabbu.
Describe the physiology of khatto nabbu.
Describe the physiology of tipolo.
Describe the physiology of lemani.
Describe the physiology of moli'ovi'ovia.
Describe the physiology of moli patupatu.
Describe the physiology of lain.
Describe the physiology of muli.
Describe the physiology of citron.
Describe the physiology of citron tree.
Describe the physiology of true citron.
Describe the physiology of etrog.
Describe the physiology of cedrat.
Describe the physiology of cédratier.
Describe the physiology of shamom (Oman).
Describe the physiology of medischer apfel.
Describe the physiology of cidrao.
Describe the physiology of cidreira.
Describe the physiology of limao rugoso.
Describe the physiology of limao galego.
Describe the physiology of cidro.
Describe the physiology of jeruk sukade.
Describe the physiology of sitrun.
Describe the physiology of limau susu.
Describe the physiology of muli.
Describe the physiology of bulid.
Describe the physiology of sidris.
Describe the physiology of sidras.
Describe the physiology of shouk-ta-kwah.
Describe the physiology of vëëx.
Describe the physiology of manao-khwai.
Describe the physiology of somma-ngua.
Describe the physiology of mawo-yao.
Describe the physiology of thanh yên.
Describe the physiology of grapefruit.
Describe the physiology of pomelo.
Describe the physiology of pamplemousse.
Describe the physiology of limau gedang.
Describe the physiology of moli sisuka.
Describe the physiology of moli peli.
Describe the physiology of muli.
Describe the physiology of krooch thlong.
Describe the physiology of kiengz s'aangz.
Describe the physiology of cam.
Describe the physiology of bu'o'i.
Describe the physiology of pompelmo.
Describe the physiology of Paradisapfel.
Describe the physiology of toranja.
Describe the physiology of jamboa.
Describe the physiology of turingia.
Describe the physiology of toronja.
Describe the physiology of grapefrugt.
Describe the physiology of mandarin.
Describe the physiology of tangerine.
Describe the physiology of Cleopatra mandarin.
Describe the physiology of clementine.
Describe the physiology of Satsuma orange.
Describe the physiology of kid-glove orange.
Describe the physiology of mandarinier.
Describe the physiology of moli madarini.
Describe the physiology of madarini.
Describe the physiology of Mandarinenbaum.
Describe the physiology of jeruk keprok.
Describe the physiology of jeruk jepun.
Describe the physiology of jeruk maseh.
Describe the physiology of limau lang-kat.
Describe the physiology of limau kupas.
Describe the physiology of limau wangkang.
Describe the physiology of sintones.
Describe the physiology of krauch kvich.
Describe the physiology of som hot.
Describe the physiology of som lot.
Describe the physiology of liou.
Describe the physiology of tangerina.
Describe the physiology of tangerineira.
Describe the physiology of som khieo waan.
Describe the physiology of som saengthong.
Describe the physiology of ma baang.
Describe the physiology of cam sanh.
Describe the physiology of cay quit.
Describe the physiology of narangi.
Describe the physiology of nartjie.
Describe the physiology of naartjie.
Describe the physiology of moli saina.
Describe the physiology of moli peli.
Describe the physiology of orange.
Describe the physiology of sweet orange.
Describe the physiology of Valencia orange.
Describe the physiology of oranger.
Describe the physiology of oranger doux.
Describe the physiology of birtukan.
Describe the physiology of Apfelsine.
Describe the physiology of jeruk manis.
Describe the physiology of arancio.
Describe the physiology of laranja doce.
Describe the physiology of laranja vulgar.
Describe the physiology of laranja-pera.
Describe the physiology of naranja.
Describe the physiology of limau manis.
Describe the physiology of chula.
Describe the physiology of choreng.
Describe the physiology of sava orens.
Describe the physiology of kahel.
Describe the physiology of tung-chin-thi.
Describe the physiology of krooch poosat.
Describe the physiology of kiengz.
Describe the physiology of somkliang.
Describe the physiology of somtra.
Describe the physiology of makhun.
Describe the physiology of cam.
Describe the physiology of mitha nimbu.
Describe the physiology of moli 'aina.
Describe the physiology of moli kai.
Describe the physiology of Molilecau.
Describe the physiology of Moliunumi.
Describe the physiology of Molinitaiti.
Describe the physiology of Molitaiti.
Describe the physiology of Mol.
Describe the physiology of Arani (Cook I).
Describe the physiology of Olenisi (Tuvalu).
Describe the physiology of Swit muli.
Describe the physiology of citrus.
Describe the physiology of agrumes.
Describe the physiology of jeruk.
Describe the physiology of limau.
Describe the physiology of mull.
Describe the physiology of shouk.
Describe the physiology of krauch.
Describe the physiology of mak.
Describe the physiology of cam.
Describe the physiology of Zitrone.
Describe the physiology of blue clitoria.
Describe the physiology of butterfly-pea.
Describe the physiology of cordofan-pea.
Describe the physiology of bejuco de conchitas.
Describe the physiology of campanilla.
Describe the physiology of chorreque azul.
Describe the physiology of conchita de mar.
Describe the physiology of papito.
Describe the physiology of zapatillo de la reina.
Describe the physiology of clitore de ternate.
Describe the physiology of Blaue Schmetterlingswicke.
Describe the physiology of fagiolo indiano.
Describe the physiology of Sea grape.
Describe the physiology of coconut.
Describe the physiology of cocotier.
Describe the physiology of palma de coco.
Describe the physiology of cocotero.
Describe the physiology of côco.
Describe the physiology of narial.
Describe the physiology of thengai.
Describe the physiology of kokospalme.
Describe the physiology of ye.
Describe the physiology of tree of life.
Describe the physiology of tree of heaven.
Describe the physiology of kalpaviriksha.
Describe the physiology of tree of abundance.
Describe the physiology of natures supermarket.
Describe the physiology of kulau.
Describe the physiology of coir fibre.
Describe the physiology of (See "Notes" for hybrid names).
Describe the physiology of coffee arabica.
Describe the physiology of arabian coffee.
Describe the physiology of arabica coffee.
Describe the physiology of kafei.
Describe the physiology of kofe.
Describe the physiology of cafe.
Describe the physiology of Kaffee.
Describe the physiology of yebuna fire.
Describe the physiology of buna.
Describe the physiology of coffee.
Describe the physiology of robusta coffee.
Describe the physiology of kafei.
Describe the physiology of cafe.
Describe the physiology of Kaffee.
Describe the physiology of Liberian coffee.
Describe the physiology of kofe.
Describe the physiology of coffee.
Describe the physiology of taro.
Describe the physiology of eddo.
Describe the physiology of kalo.
Describe the physiology of dasheen.
Describe the physiology of cocoyam.
Describe the physiology of elephant ears.
Describe the physiology of potato of the tropics.
Describe the physiology of ciamo.
Describe the physiology of inhame.
Describe the physiology of malanga.
Describe the physiology of tayoba.
Describe the physiology of alcocaz.
Describe the physiology of elefantenohr.
Describe the physiology of arum.
Describe the physiology of daun keladi.
Describe the physiology of madumbe.
Describe the physiology of khoai mon.
Describe the physiology of mangasiva sasili.
Describe the physiology of sika.
Describe the physiology of ba.
Describe the physiology of boka.
Describe the physiology of botika.
Describe the physiology of dalo.
Describe the physiology of gaui.
Describe the physiology of sali.
Describe the physiology of votuki.
Describe the physiology of te taororo.
Describe the physiology of matiotio.
Describe the physiology of tara.
Describe the physiology of talo.
Describe the physiology of maroepa.
Describe the physiology of Ecuador laurel.
Describe the physiology of garlic tree.
Describe the physiology of cyp.
Describe the physiology of cypre.
Describe the physiology of salmwood.
Describe the physiology of freijó louro.
Describe the physiology of urua.
Describe the physiology of louro amarelo.
Describe the physiology of coriander.
Describe the physiology of collender.
Describe the physiology of Chinese parsley.
Describe the physiology of coriandro.
Describe the physiology of cilantro.
Describe the physiology of cilandrio.
Describe the physiology of culantro.
Describe the physiology of curatù.
Describe the physiology of coriandre.
Describe the physiology of dhania.
Describe the physiology of koriander.
Describe the physiology of cigánypetrezselyem.
Describe the physiology of beléndfû.
Describe the physiology of zergefû.
Describe the physiology of kusthumbari.
Describe the physiology of dhanayaka.
Describe the physiology of dembilal.
Describe the physiology of koriandr.
Describe the physiology of kinza.
Describe the physiology of geshnes.
Describe the physiology of ngo.
Describe the physiology of coriandolo.
Describe the physiology of kuzbara.
Describe the physiology of chamem.
Describe the physiology of yan sui.
Describe the physiology of xiang cai.
Describe the physiology of hu sui.
Describe the physiology of kindza.
Describe the physiology of kindz.
Describe the physiology of koriannon.
Describe the physiology of korion.
Describe the physiology of dhanya.
Describe the physiology of koendoro.
Describe the physiology of ketumbar.
Describe the physiology of kolendra.
Describe the physiology of coentro.
Describe the physiology of coriandru.
Describe the physiology of koljandra.
Describe the physiology of kisnec.
Describe the physiology of vonjucee zel'e.
Describe the physiology of klopovnik.
Describe the physiology of Wanzendill.
Describe the physiology of Schwindelkorn.
Describe the physiology of korijander.
Describe the physiology of persil arabe.
Describe the physiology of kisnis.
Describe the physiology of dhane.
Describe the physiology of kothmiri.
Describe the physiology of konphir.
Describe the physiology of libdhane.
Describe the physiology of kothambri.
Describe the physiology of kothmiri bija.
Describe the physiology of daaniwal.
Describe the physiology of kothambalari.
Describe the physiology of kothumpkalari bija.
Describe the physiology of kothumpalari.
Describe the physiology of dhana.
Describe the physiology of kothimber.
Describe the physiology of kothamali.
Describe the physiology of dhaniyalu.
Describe the physiology of debo.
Describe the physiology of shucar.
Describe the physiology of tsagha.
Describe the physiology of zagda.
Describe the physiology of tibichota.
Describe the physiology of kazbarah.
Describe the physiology of dhoney.
Describe the physiology of nan nan zee.
Describe the physiology of nan nan bin.
Describe the physiology of naunau.
Describe the physiology of fan yan sui.
Describe the physiology of ketoembar.
Describe the physiology of Indian parsley.
Describe the physiology of koriandro.
Describe the physiology of aedkoriander.
Describe the physiology of korianteri.
Describe the physiology of punaise mâle.
Describe the physiology of coireiman.
Describe the physiology of lus a choire.
Describe the physiology of Wanzenkümmel.
Describe the physiology of Chinesische Petersilie.
Describe the physiology of Indische Petersilie.
Describe the physiology of hara dhania.
Describe the physiology of daun ketumbar.
Describe the physiology of koyendoro.
Describe the physiology of havija.
Describe the physiology of kambari.
Describe the physiology of phak hom pom.
Describe the physiology of kottamalli.
Describe the physiology of gishniiz.
Describe the physiology of gashneez.
Describe the physiology of kolendra.
Describe the physiology of rattlepod.
Describe the physiology of chives.
Describe the physiology of chive garlic.
Describe the physiology of ezo-negi.
Describe the physiology of cebolleta.
Describe the physiology of ciboulette.
Describe the physiology of schnittlauch.
Describe the physiology of gräslök.
Describe the physiology of purløg.
Describe the physiology of basal.
Describe the physiology of bieslook.
Describe the physiology of cipollina.
Describe the physiology of cebolinha.
Describe the physiology of cebolinho.
Describe the physiology of alho de Espanha.
Describe the physiology of ceboleta de Franca.
Describe the physiology of luk-rezanyets.
Describe the physiology of hsia-ye-ts'ung.
Describe the physiology of rock melon.
Describe the physiology of sweet melon.
Describe the physiology of cantaloupe melon.
Describe the physiology of atiu.
Describe the physiology of Melon.
Describe the physiology of cantaloupe.
Describe the physiology of tarra.
Describe the physiology of cucumber.
Describe the physiology of gherkin.
Describe the physiology of concombre.
Describe the physiology of huanggua.
Describe the physiology of kiukaba.
Describe the physiology of kukama (Tuvalu).
Describe the physiology of khira.
Describe the physiology of kiukamupa.
Describe the physiology of Kukamba.
Describe the physiology of cetriolo.
Describe the physiology of pumpkin.
Describe the physiology of squash.
Describe the physiology of giant squash.
Describe the physiology of citrouille.
Describe the physiology of hina.
Describe the physiology of wavukani.
Describe the physiology of te baukin.
Describe the physiology of panikeni.
Describe the physiology of poosani.
Describe the physiology of hubbard squash.
Describe the physiology of Kürbis.
Describe the physiology of pumpkin.
Describe the physiology of squash.
Describe the physiology of small horned melon.
Describe the physiology of nangua.
Describe the physiology of gramma.
Describe the physiology of hina.
Describe the physiology of pamkin.
Describe the physiology of zucca.
Describe the physiology of kuerbis.
Describe the physiology of marrow.
Describe the physiology of pumpkin.
Describe the physiology of squash.
Describe the physiology of bitter nut squash.
Describe the physiology of vegetable marrow.
Describe the physiology of summer pumpkin.
Describe the physiology of autumn pumpkin.
Describe the physiology of zucca.
Describe the physiology of Kürbis.
Describe the physiology of Cucurbitae semen.
Describe the physiology of Oleum cucurbitae.
Describe the physiology of guar bean.
Describe the physiology of cluster bean.
Describe the physiology of cyamopse a quatre ailes.
Describe the physiology of guar.
Describe the physiology of guaerdou.
Describe the physiology of cottaveraykai.
Describe the physiology of kothaverai.
Describe the physiology of babachi.
Describe the physiology of bavachi.
Describe the physiology of capparadavari.
Describe the physiology of gawarkai.
Describe the physiology of goreekaye.
Describe the physiology of guvarphalli.
Describe the physiology of goor-chikurkai.
Describe the physiology of gorechikudi.
Describe the physiology of guanra chhuim.
Describe the physiology of jhar sim.
Describe the physiology of kotha-marakka.
Describe the physiology of kothavara.
Describe the physiology of kotaranga.
Describe the physiology of walee-pe.
Describe the physiology of kottavarai.
Describe the physiology of mgwaru.
Describe the physiology of gavar.
Describe the physiology of gawar.
Describe the physiology of goor.
Describe the physiology of gowaree.
Describe the physiology of gouree.
Describe the physiology of govar.
Describe the physiology of guara.
Describe the physiology of gunwar.
Describe the physiology of globe artichoke.
Describe the physiology of artichoke.
Describe the physiology of carciofo.
Describe the physiology of alcachofa.
Describe the physiology of Artischocke.
Describe the physiology of artichaut.
Describe the physiology of kenchofe (Galinya).
Describe the physiology of purple nut grass.
Describe the physiology of round cyperus.
Describe the physiology of sweet cyperus.
Describe the physiology of nutsedge.
Describe the physiology of purple nutsedge.
Describe the physiology of souchet rond.
Describe the physiology of teki.
Describe the physiology of mota.
Describe the physiology of karelawai.
Describe the physiology of kyang-boo-ja.
Describe the physiology of rumput.
Describe the physiology of haliya hitan.
Describe the physiology of mothe.
Describe the physiology of s'ad.
Describe the physiology of s'ad kufi.
Describe the physiology of nagar-motha.
Describe the physiology of dela ghea.
Describe the physiology of deela.
Describe the physiology of mutha.
Describe the physiology of balangot.
Describe the physiology of baga-as.
Describe the physiology of tikog.
Describe the physiology of ya sam liam.
Describe the physiology of haeo mu.
Describe the physiology of ya haeo mu.
Describe the physiology of co gau.
Describe the physiology of cu gau.
Describe the physiology of co cu.
Describe the physiology of huong phu.
Describe the physiology of sa thao.
Describe the physiology of nha khuon mu.
Describe the physiology of tung ghay.
Describe the physiology of tree tomato.
Describe the physiology of tamarillo.
Describe the physiology of yellow tree tomato.
Describe the physiology of tomate d'arbre.
Describe the physiology of tamarille.
Describe the physiology of tomate de palo.
Describe the physiology of tomate de árbol.
Describe the physiology of palo de tomate.
Describe the physiology of tomate granadillo.
Describe the physiology of pix.
Describe the physiology of caxlan pix.
Describe the physiology of tomate dulce.
Describe the physiology of tomate francés.
Describe the physiology of sachatomate.
Describe the physiology of yuncatomate.
Describe the physiology of limatomate.
Describe the physiology of tomate de monte.
Describe the physiology of tomate de La Paz.
Describe the physiology of crowfoot grass.
Describe the physiology of Egyptian grass.
Describe the physiology of button grass.
Describe the physiology of calandrini.
Describe the physiology of wild carrot.
Describe the physiology of devil's plague.
Describe the physiology of Queen Anne's-lace.
Describe the physiology of cenoura brava.
Describe the physiology of karotte.
Describe the physiology of mohrruebe.
Describe the physiology of gelbe ruebe.
Describe the physiology of morot.
Describe the physiology of gulrot.
Describe the physiology of gulerod.
Describe the physiology of porkkana.
Describe the physiology of Chinese gooseberry.
Describe the physiology of Kiwifruit.
Describe the physiology of cultivated yam.
Describe the physiology of greater yam.
Describe the physiology of white yam.
Describe the physiology of water yam.
Describe the physiology of winged yam.
Describe the physiology of ten-months yam.
Describe the physiology of Malacca yam.
Describe the physiology of Guyana arrowroot.
Describe the physiology of igname.
Describe the physiology of inhame da India.
Describe the physiology of inhame de Coriola'.
Describe the physiology of marquesota.
Describe the physiology of cara' de Angola.
Describe the physiology of cara' da Guine'.
Describe the physiology of dam.
Describe the physiology of ngaka.
Describe the physiology of pae.
Describe the physiology of ni-parai(Cook I).
Describe the physiology of pua-hi(Cook I).
Describe the physiology of ufi (Cook I).
Describe the physiology of uvi.
Describe the physiology of vutua.
Describe the physiology of ufi.
Describe the physiology of aso'aso.
Describe the physiology of au poto.
Describe the physiology of tafasoa.
Describe the physiology of uvi (Simbo).
Describe the physiology of marihi (Roviana).
Describe the physiology of yam tru (except in Madang Province).
Describe the physiology of ñame de agua.
Describe the physiology of ñame.
Describe the physiology of potato yam.
Describe the physiology of bitter yam.
Describe the physiology of air potato yam.
Describe the physiology of akam yam.
Describe the physiology of acom.
Describe the physiology of Otaheite yam.
Describe the physiology of Otaheite potato.
Describe the physiology of inhame.
Describe the physiology of cara' de Sao Tome'.
Describe the physiology of cara' do ar.
Describe the physiology of cara' de espinho.
Describe the physiology of cara' de sapateiro.
Describe the physiology of figado de peru'.
Describe the physiology of ufi sina.
Describe the physiology of ufi soi.
Describe the physiology of hoi.
Describe the physiology of Aerial yam.
Describe the physiology of fancy yam.
Describe the physiology of potato yam.
Describe the physiology of lesser yam.
Describe the physiology of lesser asiatic yam.
Describe the physiology of igname.
Describe the physiology of inhame de comer.
Describe the physiology of inhame taioba.
Describe the physiology of inhame de enxerto.
Describe the physiology of kawai.
Describe the physiology of ufilei.
Describe the physiology of ami.
Describe the physiology of white yam.
Describe the physiology of Guinea yam.
Describe the physiology of Igname (Fr).
Describe the physiology of kaki.
Describe the physiology of persimmon.
Describe the physiology of Chinese persimmon.
Describe the physiology of Japanese persimmon.
Describe the physiology of plaqueminier.
Describe the physiology of raquemine.
Describe the physiology of kaki-meca.
Describe the physiology of Kakifrucht.
Describe the physiology of kesemek.
Describe the physiology of buah kaki.
Describe the physiology of buah samak.
Describe the physiology of tonloëp.
Describe the physiology of phlap chin.
Describe the physiology of thi hông.
Describe the physiology of hông thi.
Describe the physiology of oriental persimmon.
Describe the physiology of sharon fruit.
Describe the physiology of durian.
Describe the physiology of duren.
Describe the physiology of ambetan.
Describe the physiology of kadu.
Describe the physiology of dulian.
Describe the physiology of du-yin.
Describe the physiology of thu-réén.
Describe the physiology of thourièn.
Describe the physiology of thurian.
Describe the physiology of thu-rian.
Describe the physiology of rian.
Describe the physiology of sâù riêng.
Describe the physiology of barnyard grass.
Describe the physiology of cockspur grass.
Describe the physiology of goosefoot grass.
Describe the physiology of milha(n) pe' de galo.
Describe the physiology of sanvo'.
Describe the physiology of oil palm.
Describe the physiology of palmier à huile.
Describe the physiology of palma aceitera.
Describe the physiology of palma de aceite.
Describe the physiology of dende.
Describe the physiology of Ölpalme.
Describe the physiology of youzonglu.
Describe the physiology of nahkhil al zite.
Describe the physiology of oilepalme.
Describe the physiology of olie palm.
Describe the physiology of kelapa sawit.
Describe the physiology of goose foot.
Describe the physiology of crab grass.
Describe the physiology of crow's foot.
Describe the physiology of te uteute.
Describe the physiology of chapra.
Describe the physiology of red tasselflower.
Describe the physiology of purple sow thistle.
Describe the physiology of loquat.
Describe the physiology of Japanese medlar.
Describe the physiology of Japanese plum.
Describe the physiology of neflier du Japon.
Describe the physiology of nispereros.
Describe the physiology of nespolo.
Describe the physiology of Mispel.
Describe the physiology of lokwat.
Describe the physiology of papalaan.
Describe the physiology of ton leap.
Describe the physiology of lokh-wot.
Describe the physiology of pee-pae.
Describe the physiology of ti ba diep.
Describe the physiology of so'n tra nhatban'.
Describe the physiology of nhot tay.
Describe the physiology of biwa.
Describe the physiology of coral bean.
Describe the physiology of thabyay-hypyoo.
Describe the physiology of black plum.
Describe the physiology of black plum tree.
Describe the physiology of Indian blackberry.
Describe the physiology of jambolan.
Describe the physiology of jambolan-plum.
Describe the physiology of Java plum.
Describe the physiology of malabar plum.
Describe the physiology of Portuguese plum.
Describe the physiology of jamelão.
Describe the physiology of duhat.
Describe the physiology of lomboi.
Describe the physiology of jamélongue.
Describe the physiology of jam.
Describe the physiology of jaman.
Describe the physiology of jamun.
Describe the physiology of duwet.
Describe the physiology of jamblang.
Describe the physiology of pring bai.
Describe the physiology of va.
Describe the physiology of jambulana.
Describe the physiology of jiwat.
Describe the physiology of obah.
Describe the physiology of jambu.
Describe the physiology of jambul.
Describe the physiology of madan.
Describe the physiology of naval.
Describe the physiology of mzambarau.
Describe the physiology of hakhiphae.
Describe the physiology of wa.
Describe the physiology of trâm môc.
Describe the physiology of vôi rung.
Describe the physiology of Malay apple.
Describe the physiology of Laulau.
Describe the physiology of Kavika.
Describe the physiology of Jambu.
Describe the physiology of rose apple.
Describe the physiology of Jambeiro-de-Malaca.
Describe the physiology of feijoa.
Describe the physiology of pineapple guava.
Describe the physiology of Brazilian guava.
Describe the physiology of mountain guava.
Describe the physiology of fig guava.
Describe the physiology of guavasteen.
Describe the physiology of New Zealand banana.
Describe the physiology of guayabo del pais.
Describe the physiology of guayabo grande.
Describe the physiology of guayabo chico.
Describe the physiology of goiaba serrana.
Describe the physiology of goiaba verde.
Describe the physiology of goiaba abacaxí.
Describe the physiology of common fig.
Describe the physiology of fig.
Describe the physiology of Turkey fig.
Describe the physiology of te biku.
Describe the physiology of fico.
Describe the physiology of Feige.
Describe the physiology of figue.
Describe the physiology of figo.
Describe the physiology of figueira mansa.
Describe the physiology of higo.
Describe the physiology of etse-beles.
Describe the physiology of arbre.
Describe the physiology of ficus.
Describe the physiology of potato onion.
Describe the physiology of multiplier onion.
Describe the physiology of Egyptian onion.
Describe the physiology of topset onion.
Describe the physiology of tree onion.
Describe the physiology of Anian.
Describe the physiology of fennel.
Describe the physiology of sweet fennel.
Describe the physiology of fennel seed.
Describe the physiology of fenouil sucre.
Describe the physiology of fenouil.
Describe the physiology of Fenchel.
Describe the physiology of vinkel.
Describe the physiology of saunf.
Describe the physiology of badian.
Describe the physiology of raz.
Describe the physiology of hinojo.
Describe the physiology of faenkål.
Describe the physiology of shamar.
Describe the physiology of venkel.
Describe the physiology of finocchio.
Describe the physiology of Aetheroleum foeniculi.
Describe the physiology of Aqua foeniculi.
Describe the physiology of Foeniculi fructus.
Describe the physiology of funcho.
Describe the physiology of fyenkhel'.
Describe the physiology of uikyo.
Describe the physiology of hui-hsiang.
Describe the physiology of ensilal.
Describe the physiology of kamuni (Galinya).
Describe the physiology of insilali (Galinya).
Describe the physiology of round kumquat.
Describe the physiology of Marumi kumquat.
Describe the physiology of cumquate redonda.
Describe the physiology of strawberry.
Describe the physiology of dessert strawberry.
Describe the physiology of garden strawberry.
Describe the physiology of fraise.
Describe the physiology of fraisier ananas.
Describe the physiology of erdbeere.
Describe the physiology of morango.
Describe the physiology of morangueiro de cultura.
Describe the physiology of fresa.
Describe the physiology of arben.
Describe the physiology of stroboeri.
Describe the physiology of dâu tây.
Describe the physiology of jordbær.
Describe the physiology of jordgubbe.
Describe the physiology of tarhamansikka.
Describe the physiology of mangosteen.
Describe the physiology of dodol.
Describe the physiology of king's-fruit.
Describe the physiology of mangoustanier.
Describe the physiology of mangostan.
Describe the physiology of mangostao.
Describe the physiology of mangusto.
Describe the physiology of mangostane.
Describe the physiology of mangoestan.
Describe the physiology of manggis.
Describe the physiology of settorr.
Describe the physiology of mesetor.
Describe the physiology of semetah.
Describe the physiology of sementah.
Describe the physiology of manggustan.
Describe the physiology of mongkhut.
Describe the physiology of kadiis.
Describe the physiology of kanabla.
Describe the physiology of mangkhud.
Describe the physiology of mang khut.
Describe the physiology of mahng-koot.
Describe the physiology of mangustai.
Describe the physiology of cay mang cut.
Describe the physiology of mang cut.
Describe the physiology of soya bean.
Describe the physiology of soyabean.
Describe the physiology of soybean.
Describe the physiology of soya.
Describe the physiology of sojaboon.
Describe the physiology of sojaplant.
Describe the physiology of sojaboontjie.
Describe the physiology of fejao soja.
Describe the physiology of soja.
Describe the physiology of dadou.
Describe the physiology of soia piini.
Describe the physiology of bean - soya.
Describe the physiology of Sojabohne.
Describe the physiology of yemane.
Describe the physiology of Jerusalem artichoke.
Describe the physiology of earth apple.
Describe the physiology of sunchoke.
Describe the physiology of topinambour.
Describe the physiology of girasole.
Describe the physiology of tupinambo.
Describe the physiology of giganteia.
Describe the physiology of girassol batateiro.
Describe the physiology of rubber.
Describe the physiology of caucho.
Describe the physiology of seringueira.
Describe the physiology of gummi træ.
Describe the physiology of cây cao su.
Describe the physiology of mpira.
Describe the physiology of kenaf.
Describe the physiology of ambary.
Describe the physiology of ambary hemp.
Describe the physiology of brown Indian hemp.
Describe the physiology of mesta hemp.
Describe the physiology of bastard jute.
Describe the physiology of bimli jute.
Describe the physiology of bimlipatum jute.
Describe the physiology of bimlipatam tree.
Describe the physiology of hemp-mallow.
Describe the physiology of mesta.
Describe the physiology of palungi.
Describe the physiology of deccan hemp.
Describe the physiology of ambari.
Describe the physiology of til.
Describe the physiology of teel.
Describe the physiology of teal.
Describe the physiology of Java jute.
Describe the physiology of umbaru.
Describe the physiology of linho de gombo.
Describe the physiology of canhamo brasileiro.
Describe the physiology of papoula de Sao Francisco.
Describe the physiology of stokroos.
Describe the physiology of dah (West Africa).
Describe the physiology of gambo (West Africa).
Describe the physiology of rama (West Africa).
Describe the physiology of Guinea hemp (Africa).
Describe the physiology of roselle.
Describe the physiology of rozelle.
Describe the physiology of sorrel.
Describe the physiology of red sorrel.
Describe the physiology of Jamaica sorrel.
Describe the physiology of Indian sorrel.
Describe the physiology of Guinea sorrel.
Describe the physiology of sour-sour.
Describe the physiology of Queensland jelly plant.
Describe the physiology of jelly okra.
Describe the physiology of lemon bush.
Describe the physiology of Florida cranberry.
Describe the physiology of oseille rouge.
Describe the physiology of oseille de Guinée.
Describe the physiology of quimbombó chino.
Describe the physiology of sereni.
Describe the physiology of rosa de Jamaica.
Describe the physiology of flor de Jamaica.
Describe the physiology of agrio de Guinea.
Describe the physiology of quetmia ácida.
Describe the physiology of viña.
Describe the physiology of viñuela.
Describe the physiology of vinagreira.
Describe the physiology of azeda de Guiné.
Describe the physiology of cururú azédo.
Describe the physiology of quiabeiro azédo.
Describe the physiology of zuring.
Describe the physiology of karkadé.
Describe the physiology of carcadé.
Describe the physiology of rose-of-Sharon.
Describe the physiology of shrub mallow.
Describe the physiology of shrubby althaea.
Describe the physiology of rosa de Charao.
Describe the physiology of alteia.
Describe the physiology of barley.
Describe the physiology of cebada.
Describe the physiology of orge.
Describe the physiology of damai.
Describe the physiology of cevada.
Describe the physiology of gebs.
Describe the physiology of Gerste.
Describe the physiology of cogon grass.
Describe the physiology of blade grass.
Describe the physiology of blady grass.
Describe the physiology of satintail.
Describe the physiology of lalang.
Describe the physiology of alang-alang.
Describe the physiology of illuk grass.
Describe the physiology of cottonwool grass.
Describe the physiology of silky grass.
Describe the physiology of silver spike.
Describe the physiology of Japanese blood grass.
Describe the physiology of paille de dys.
Describe the physiology of paillotte.
Describe the physiology of impérata cylindrique.
Describe the physiology of kunai.
Describe the physiology of gi.
Describe the physiology of ngi.
Describe the physiology of capim seno.
Describe the physiology of imperata.
Describe the physiology of sbow.
Describe the physiology of ya kha.
Describe the physiology of kyet-mei.
Describe the physiology of kurukuru.
Describe the physiology of kogon.
Describe the physiology of gogon.
Describe the physiology of umthente.
Describe the physiology of co tranh.
Describe the physiology of co tranh sang.
Describe the physiology of bach mao.
Describe the physiology of nha ca.
Describe the physiology of gan.
Describe the physiology of food inga.
Describe the physiology of ice cream bean.
Describe the physiology of pois sucre.
Describe the physiology of guarna.
Describe the physiology of guamo.
Describe the physiology of guama.
Describe the physiology of guaba.
Describe the physiology of huaba.
Describe the physiology of inga.
Describe the physiology of guamo bejuco.
Describe the physiology of chalaite.
Describe the physiology of rabo de mico.
Describe the physiology of pacay.
Describe the physiology of ingá cipó.
Describe the physiology of inga de metro.
Describe the physiology of water spinach.
Describe the physiology of swamp morning-glory.
Describe the physiology of Chinese yung-tsai.
Describe the physiology of kangkong.
Describe the physiology of sweet potato.
Describe the physiology of batatas.
Describe the physiology of boniato.
Describe the physiology of white-fleshed sweet potato.
Describe the physiology of patate douce.
Describe the physiology of batata.
Describe the physiology of camote.
Describe the physiology of papa dulce.
Describe the physiology of moniato.
Describe the physiology of batata doce.
Describe the physiology of batata da terra.
Describe the physiology of cara.
Describe the physiology of jetica.
Describe the physiology of munhata.
Describe the physiology of ba ta tah helua.
Describe the physiology of gan shu.
Describe the physiology of gan ye.
Describe the physiology of fan shu.
Describe the physiology of batat.
Describe the physiology of muntail.
Describe the physiology of hua mun.
Describe the physiology of man thet.
Describe the physiology of lá khoai lang.
Describe the physiology of lá khoai mony.
Describe the physiology of sød kartoffel.
Describe the physiology of bataat.
Describe the physiology of patats.
Describe the physiology of soetpatats.
Describe the physiology of zoete aardappel.
Describe the physiology of kamote.
Describe the physiology of Süßkartoffel.
Describe the physiology of Batate.
Describe the physiology of Sakarkand.
Describe the physiology of mitha alu.
Describe the physiology of ubi jalor.
Describe the physiology of hwi.
Describe the physiology of keledek.
Describe the physiology of ketela rambat.
Describe the physiology of tela.
Describe the physiology of bodin.
Describe the physiology of ubi merah.
Describe the physiology of patata Americana.
Describe the physiology of patata dolce.
Describe the physiology of satsuma-imo.
Describe the physiology of kanjo.
Describe the physiology of koguma.
Describe the physiology of ubi keledek.
Describe the physiology of ubi kastela.
Describe the physiology of ubi keladi.
Describe the physiology of kumala konukonule.
Describe the physiology of komora.
Describe the physiology of kumara.
Describe the physiology of timala.
Describe the physiology of kumala.
Describe the physiology of umala.
Describe the physiology of pana kai (Simbo).
Describe the physiology of luzu vaka (Roviana).
Describe the physiology of pateta magalo (Tuvalu).
Describe the physiology of kaukau.
Describe the physiology of kumara muramura (Cook I).
Describe the physiology of te kuma.
Describe the physiology of Muraina grass.
Describe the physiology of sausage tree.
Describe the physiology of etua tree.
Describe the physiology of quigelia.
Describe the physiology of worsboom.
Describe the physiology of abu shutor.
Describe the physiology of abu sidra.
Describe the physiology of um mashatur.
Describe the physiology of um shutur.
Describe the physiology of gaigani.
Describe the physiology of eiervrug.
Describe the physiology of kathiri (tamil).
Describe the physiology of vazhudhanaikkai (malayalam).
Describe the physiology of black nightshade.
Describe the physiology of blackberried nightshade.
Describe the physiology of common nightshade.
Describe the physiology of poison berry.
Describe the physiology of morelle noir.
Describe the physiology of hierba mora.
Describe the physiology of guaraquinha.
Describe the physiology of mussa.
Describe the physiology of ifungufungu.
Describe the physiology of mufunofuno.
Describe the physiology of chizutu.
Describe the physiology of mvula.
Describe the physiology of mvungavunga.
Describe the physiology of mvungunya.
Describe the physiology of mvungwa.
Describe the physiology of mwegea.
Describe the physiology of mwicha.
Describe the physiology of mederba.
Describe the physiology of muVeve.
Describe the physiology of pandoro.
Describe the physiology of hyacinth bean.
Describe the physiology of lablab bean.
Describe the physiology of field bean.
Describe the physiology of pig-ears.
Describe the physiology of rongai dolichos.
Describe the physiology of lab-lab bean.
Describe the physiology of poor man's bean.
Describe the physiology of Tonga bean.
Describe the physiology of dolique lab-lab.
Describe the physiology of dolique d'Egypte.
Describe the physiology of frijol jacinto.
Describe the physiology of quiquaqua.
Describe the physiology of caroata chwata.
Describe the physiology of poroto de Egipto.
Describe the physiology of chicarros.
Describe the physiology of frijol caballo.
Describe the physiology of gallinita.
Describe the physiology of frijol de adorno.
Describe the physiology of Faselbohne.
Describe the physiology of Helmbohne.
Describe the physiology of Schlangenbohne.
Describe the physiology of batao.
Describe the physiology of wal.
Describe the physiology of sem.
Describe the physiology of lubia (the Sudan).
Describe the physiology of lettuce.
Describe the physiology of garden lettuce.
Describe the physiology of letisi.
Describe the physiology of head lettuce.
Describe the physiology of cabbage lettuce.
Describe the physiology of butter-head lettuce.
Describe the physiology of crisp-head lettuce.
Describe the physiology of lattuga.
Describe the physiology of lattich.
Describe the physiology of calabas.
Describe the physiology of tecomate.
Describe the physiology of zucca.
Describe the physiology of kalbas.
Describe the physiology of qara'.
Describe the physiology of kalabasa.
Describe the physiology of bian pu.
Describe the physiology of pul qua.
Describe the physiology of flaskegræskar.
Describe the physiology of kalabas.
Describe the physiology of fleskalebas.
Describe the physiology of flessepompoen.
Describe the physiology of bird-house gourd.
Describe the physiology of bottle gourd.
Describe the physiology of calabash.
Describe the physiology of calabash gourd.
Describe the physiology of calabash marrow.
Describe the physiology of guinea bean.
Describe the physiology of hardshell gourd.
Describe the physiology of hard-shell gourd.
Describe the physiology of italian edible gourd.
Describe the physiology of long squash.
Describe the physiology of new guinea bean.
Describe the physiology of suzza melon.
Describe the physiology of tasmania bean.
Describe the physiology of trumpet gourd.
Describe the physiology of vegetable gourd.
Describe the physiology of white flowered gourd.
Describe the physiology of calebasse.
Describe the physiology of calebassier.
Describe the physiology of courge bouteille.
Describe the physiology of gourde.
Describe the physiology of Flaschenkürbis.
Describe the physiology of Kalebassenkürbis.
Describe the physiology of Trompetenkürbis.
Describe the physiology of duma.
Describe the physiology of qara.
Describe the physiology of dudhi.
Describe the physiology of dudi.
Describe the physiology of ghia.
Describe the physiology of ghiya.
Describe the physiology of kaddis.
Describe the physiology of kaddu.
Describe the physiology of lauki.
Describe the physiology of lokhi.
Describe the physiology of louki.
Describe the physiology of tumri.
Describe the physiology of cocozza.
Describe the physiology of cucuzzi.
Describe the physiology of zucca bottiglia.
Describe the physiology of zucca da nuoto.
Describe the physiology of zucca da vino.
Describe the physiology of hyoutan.
Describe the physiology of maru-yougao.
Describe the physiology of yougao.
Describe the physiology of labu botol.
Describe the physiology of labu putin.
Describe the physiology of moraka.
Describe the physiology of abóbora carneira.
Describe the physiology of cabaçca.
Describe the physiology of colombro.
Describe the physiology of kula.
Describe the physiology of bule.
Describe the physiology of calabaza de peregrinos.
Describe the physiology of calabaza de San Roque.
Describe the physiology of calabaza viñadera.
Describe the physiology of calabaza viñatera.
Describe the physiology of cojombro.
Describe the physiology of upo.
Describe the physiology of segwana.
Describe the physiology of iselwa.
Describe the physiology of fagufagu.
Describe the physiology of fu'afu'a.
Describe the physiology of leucaena.
Describe the physiology of leucaene.
Describe the physiology of guage.
Describe the physiology of wild tamarind.
Describe the physiology of lead tree.
Describe the physiology of faux-acacia.
Describe the physiology of faux mimosa.
Describe the physiology of lamtoro.
Describe the physiology of namas.
Describe the physiology of vaivai.
Describe the physiology of vaivai ni vavalagi.
Describe the physiology of reusewattel.
Describe the physiology of stuipboom.
Describe the physiology of haole koa.
Describe the physiology of koa haole.
Describe the physiology of tangantangan.
Describe the physiology of tangan tangan.
Describe the physiology of talantayan (Guam.
Describe the physiology of Marshall Islands).
Describe the physiology of talntangan.
Describe the physiology of ganitnityuwan tangantan (Yap).
Describe the physiology of tuhngantuhngan.
Describe the physiology of rohbohtin (Kosrae).
Describe the physiology of telentund (Palau).
Describe the physiology of lopa samoa (American Samoa).
Describe the physiology of fua pepe (American Samoa and Samoa).
Describe the physiology of lusina (Samoa).
Describe the physiology of pepe (Niue and Samoa).
Describe the physiology of nito (Cook Islands).
Describe the physiology of siale mohemohe (Tonga).
Describe the physiology of vaivai(Fiji).
Describe the physiology of vaivai ni vavalangi.
Describe the physiology of vaivai dina.
Describe the physiology of balori.
Describe the physiology of cassis (Vanuatu).
Describe the physiology of te kaitetua (Kiribati).
Describe the physiology of litchi.
Describe the physiology of lychee.
Describe the physiology of lin-chee.
Describe the physiology of angled loofah.
Describe the physiology of luffa.
Describe the physiology of tomato.
Describe the physiology of tomate.
Describe the physiology of pomodoro.
Describe the physiology of tomata.
Describe the physiology of tomatar.
Describe the physiology of temata.
Describe the physiology of temeta.
Describe the physiology of tamatie.
Describe the physiology of macadamia nut.
Describe the physiology of noz de macadamia.
Describe the physiology of horse gram.
Describe the physiology of horse grain.
Describe the physiology of kulthi bean.
Describe the physiology of Madras gram.
Describe the physiology of Madras bean.
Describe the physiology of grain de cheval.
Describe the physiology of dolico cavallino.
Describe the physiology of hurali.
Describe the physiology of kalai.
Describe the physiology of kallu.
Describe the physiology of kollu.
Describe the physiology of kulat.
Describe the physiology of kulatha.
Describe the physiology of kurtikalai.
Describe the physiology of muthera.
Describe the physiology of muthira.
Describe the physiology of muthiva.
Describe the physiology of ulavalu.
Describe the physiology of pé-bi-zât.
Describe the physiology of kerdekorn.
Describe the physiology of acerola.
Describe the physiology of Barbados cherry.
Describe the physiology of Escobillo.
Describe the physiology of acerola cherry.
Describe the physiology of West Indian cherry.
Describe the physiology of cereza.
Describe the physiology of cerisie.
Describe the physiology of semeruco.
Describe the physiology of apple.
Describe the physiology of mela.
Describe the physiology of appel.
Describe the physiology of wild crab.
Describe the physiology of crab apple.
Describe the physiology of crabapple.
Describe the physiology of wild apple.
Describe the physiology of maca-brava.
Describe the physiology of maguilho.
Describe the physiology of mamey.
Describe the physiology of mammee.
Describe the physiology of mammee apple.
Describe the physiology of mammea apple.
Describe the physiology of mammy.
Describe the physiology of mammy apple.
Describe the physiology of St. Domingo apricot.
Describe the physiology of South American apricot.
Describe the physiology of abricot d' Amerique.
Describe the physiology of abricot des Antilles.
Describe the physiology of abricot pays.
Describe the physiology of abricot de Saint-Dominque.
Describe the physiology of abricotier sauvage.
Describe the physiology of mamey de Santo Domingo.
Describe the physiology of mamey amarillo.
Describe the physiology of mamey de Cartagena.
Describe the physiology of mata serrano.
Describe the physiology of zapote mamey.
Describe the physiology of zapote de Santo Domingo.
Describe the physiology of abrico.
Describe the physiology of abricoteiro.
Describe the physiology of abricote.
Describe the physiology of abrico do Pará.
Describe the physiology of abrico selvagem.
Describe the physiology of pecego de Sao Domingos.
Describe the physiology of manggis negri.
Describe the physiology of aprikot.
Describe the physiology of mango.
Describe the physiology of mango tree.
Describe the physiology of manguier.
Describe the physiology of mangue.
Describe the physiology of Mangobaum.
Describe the physiology of am.
Describe the physiology of mago.
Describe the physiology of veselperske.
Describe the physiology of manga.
Describe the physiology of mangueira.
Describe the physiology of ambo.
Describe the physiology of mangga.
Describe the physiology of mempelam.
Describe the physiology of ampelam.
Describe the physiology of mwàngx.
Describe the physiology of mamuang.
Describe the physiology of ma-muang.
Describe the physiology of xoài.
Describe the physiology of tharyetthi.
Describe the physiology of svaay.
Describe the physiology of asai.
Describe the physiology of lebu (Simbo).
Describe the physiology of rereke (Roviana).
Describe the physiology of mengo.
Describe the physiology of cassava.
Describe the physiology of tapioca plant.
Describe the physiology of manihot.
Describe the physiology of manioc.
Describe the physiology of maniok.
Describe the physiology of cassave.
Describe the physiology of mandioca.
Describe the physiology of macaxeira (sweet varieties).
Describe the physiology of yuca.
Describe the physiology of aipim (Brazil).
Describe the physiology of mushu.
Describe the physiology of tapioka.
Describe the physiology of pondu.
Describe the physiology of saka-saka.
Describe the physiology of yautia.
Describe the physiology of alfalfa.
Describe the physiology of lucerne.
Describe the physiology of common purple lucerne.
Describe the physiology of common lucerne.
Describe the physiology of purple alfalfa.
Describe the physiology of purple medick.
Describe the physiology of Spanish trefoil.
Describe the physiology of blålusern.
Describe the physiology of foder-lucerne.
Describe the physiology of sinimailanen.
Describe the physiology of Luzerne.
Describe the physiology of luzerna.
Describe the physiology of alfafa.
Describe the physiology of luzerna de flor roxa.
Describe the physiology of melga dos prados.
Describe the physiology of medicagem dos pastos.
Describe the physiology of lusern.
Describe the physiology of Medicaginis herba.
Describe the physiology of mamoncillo.
Describe the physiology of bullace tree.
Describe the physiology of Spanish lime.
Describe the physiology of honeyberry.
Describe the physiology of genip.
Describe the physiology of sago palm.
Describe the physiology of true sago palm.
Describe the physiology of sago.
Describe the physiology of sagoutier.
Describe the physiology of sagopalme.
Describe the physiology of pohon.
Describe the physiology of ambulung.
Describe the physiology of kirai (Sudan).
Describe the physiology of saksak.
Describe the physiology of pickerel weed.
Describe the physiology of awl tree.
Describe the physiology of east Indian mulberry.
Describe the physiology of Indian mulberry.
Describe the physiology of great morinda.
Describe the physiology of yellow tree.
Describe the physiology of kura.
Describe the physiology of nhàu.
Describe the physiology of nhàu rùng.
Describe the physiology of cây.
Describe the physiology of cây ngao.
Describe the physiology of yae yai.
Describe the physiology of yo.
Describe the physiology of nonu.
Describe the physiology of pace.
Describe the physiology of nono (Cook islands).
Describe the physiology of noni (Marquesas islands).
Describe the physiology of dilo (Solomon islands).
Describe the physiology of te non (Kiribati).
Describe the physiology of mulberry.
Describe the physiology of white mulberry.
Describe the physiology of Chinese white mulberry.
Describe the physiology of fruitless mulberry.
Describe the physiology of downing mulberry.
Describe the physiology of silkworm mulberry.
Describe the physiology of weeping mulberry.
Describe the physiology of murier.
Describe the physiology of moreira.
Describe the physiology of amoreira branca.
Describe the physiology of shatut.
Describe the physiology of wit moerbei.
Describe the physiology of calabur tree.
Describe the physiology of capulin.
Describe the physiology of ornamental cherry.
Describe the physiology of Japanense cherry.
Describe the physiology of Panama berry.
Describe the physiology of Jamaican cherry.
Describe the physiology of Singapore cherry.
Describe the physiology of strawberry tree.
Describe the physiology of jam tree.
Describe the physiology of cerri.
Describe the physiology of kersen.
Describe the physiology of talok.
Describe the physiology of calabura.
Describe the physiology of paude seda.
Describe the physiology of kerukup siam.
Describe the physiology of datiles.
Describe the physiology of krâkhôb barang.
Describe the physiology of khoom sômz.
Describe the physiology of takhôb.
Describe the physiology of takhop farang.
Describe the physiology of trùng cà.
Describe the physiology of mât sâm.
Describe the physiology of calabur.
Describe the physiology of sirsen.
Describe the physiology of common banana.
Describe the physiology of banana.
Describe the physiology of plantain.
Describe the physiology of broadleaf plantain.
Describe the physiology of dessert banana.
Describe the physiology of dwarf cavendish.
Describe the physiology of banane.
Describe the physiology of liwii.
Describe the physiology of nas.
Describe the physiology of navits.
Describe the physiology of vii.
Describe the physiology of meika (Cook I).
Describe the physiology of vudi ni vavalagi.
Describe the physiology of vudi.
Describe the physiology of dini.
Describe the physiology of vuda ni vavalagi.
Describe the physiology of si.
Describe the physiology of te banana (Kiribati).
Describe the physiology of futi (Niue).
Describe the physiology of fusi (Niue).
Describe the physiology of hopa (Tonga).
Describe the physiology of fai (Samoa).
Describe the physiology of fai'i (Samoa).
Describe the physiology of vudi (Simbo).
Describe the physiology of hakua (Roviana).
Describe the physiology of piesang (Afrikaans).
Describe the physiology of futi (Tuvalu).
Describe the physiology of watercress.
Describe the physiology of cresson d'eau.
Describe the physiology of cresson de fontaine.
Describe the physiology of wara kebis.
Describe the physiology of brunnenkresse.
Describe the physiology of agriao de agua.
Describe the physiology of berro.
Describe the physiology of rambutan.
Describe the physiology of rambootan.
Describe the physiology of ramboutan.
Describe the physiology of rambuteira.
Describe the physiology of rambut (= 'hair'in Malay).
Describe the physiology of usan (Philippines).
Describe the physiology of usau (Philippines).
Describe the physiology of usare (Philippines).
Describe the physiology of phruan (Thailand).
Describe the physiology of ngaw.
Describe the physiology of ser mon (Cambodia).
Describe the physiology of chle (Cambodia).
Describe the physiology of chle sao mao (Cambodia).
Describe the physiology of shao tzu.
Describe the physiology of rambotang.
Describe the physiology of rambustan.
Describe the physiology of rambutao.
Describe the physiology of litchi chevelu.
Describe the physiology of ramboetan.
Describe the physiology of nypa palm.
Describe the physiology of nipa palm.
Describe the physiology of mangrove palm.
Describe the physiology of palmeira nipa.
Describe the physiology of spelt nipa.
Describe the physiology of mangrove.
Describe the physiology of Nipapalme.
Describe the physiology of Attapalme.
Describe the physiology of Mangrovenpalme.
Describe the physiology of basil.
Describe the physiology of sweet basil.
Describe the physiology of common basil.
Describe the physiology of basilic.
Describe the physiology of Basilikum.
Describe the physiology of Basilienkraut.
Describe the physiology of basilico.
Describe the physiology of albahaca.
Describe the physiology of basilkort.
Describe the physiology of raihan.
Describe the physiology of basilicum.
Describe the physiology of manjericao.
Describe the physiology of bazilik.
Describe the physiology of maboki.
Describe the physiology of lo-le.
Describe the physiology of Basilici herba.
Describe the physiology of Aetheroleum basilici.
Describe the physiology of olive.
Describe the physiology of ulivo.
Describe the physiology of rice.
Describe the physiology of riso.
Describe the physiology of riz.
Describe the physiology of arroz.
Describe the physiology of raisi.
Describe the physiology of chawal.
Describe the physiology of dhan.
Describe the physiology of shali.
Describe the physiology of rais.
Describe the physiology of kumi.
Describe the physiology of kome.
Describe the physiology of ku.
Describe the physiology of dao.
Describe the physiology of tao.
Describe the physiology of kao.
Describe the physiology of cau.
Describe the physiology of byeo.
Describe the physiology of padi.
Describe the physiology of paddy.
Describe the physiology of vrihi.
Describe the physiology of arishi.
Describe the physiology of oruza.
Describe the physiology of lúa.
Describe the physiology of lúa gao.
Describe the physiology of arishi Arruz.
Describe the physiology of reis.
Describe the physiology of Wayaka yam bean.
Describe the physiology of Mexican yam bean.
Describe the physiology of yam bean.
Describe the physiology of Mexican turnip.
Describe the physiology of chop-suey bean.
Describe the physiology of manioc bean.
Describe the physiology of three-lobed-leaved yam bean.
Describe the physiology of four-lobed-root yam bean.
Describe the physiology of singkamas.
Describe the physiology of dolique bulbeuse.
Describe the physiology of pois patate.
Describe the physiology of pois manioc.
Describe the physiology of pais patate.
Describe the physiology of feijao batata.
Describe the physiology of jacatupe'.
Describe the physiology of jacutupe'.
Describe the physiology of paquirrizo.
Describe the physiology of jicama.
Describe the physiology of ahipa.
Describe the physiology of judía batata.
Describe the physiology of jiquima.
Describe the physiology of knollige bohne.
Describe the physiology of yambohne.
Describe the physiology of yamsbohne.
Describe the physiology of fagiolo patata.
Describe the physiology of dolico bulboso.
Describe the physiology of sankalu.
Describe the physiology of mishrikand.
Describe the physiology of sinkamas.
Describe the physiology of sakalu.
Describe the physiology of pre myit.
Describe the physiology of fan-ko.
Describe the physiology of sha ge.
Describe the physiology of sha got.
Describe the physiology of sha kot.
Describe the physiology of dou shu.
Describe the physiology of liang shu.
Describe the physiology of tu gua.
Describe the physiology of bai tu gua.
Describe the physiology of fan ge.
Describe the physiology of yamsbønne.
Describe the physiology of bengkoewang.
Describe the physiology of hoewi iris.
Describe the physiology of hoewi hiris.
Describe the physiology of mame imo.
Describe the physiology of pe'kuëk.
Describe the physiology of man ph'au.
Describe the physiology of bengkuang.
Describe the physiology of kacang sengkuang.
Describe the physiology of mengkuwang.
Describe the physiology of sengkuang.
Describe the physiology of sengkuwang.
Describe the physiology of besusu.
Describe the physiology of jacatupé.
Describe the physiology of jacutupé.
Describe the physiology of jocotupé.
Describe the physiology of bangkowang.
Describe the physiology of bangkooang.
Describe the physiology of iguama.
Describe the physiology of tani uttan kai.
Describe the physiology of man kaeo.
Describe the physiology of huapaekua.
Describe the physiology of man lao.
Describe the physiology of köklü böyrüce.
Describe the physiology of curdau.
Describe the physiology of san.
Describe the physiology of cu san.
Describe the physiology of Barbados flowerfence.
Describe the physiology of horsebean.
Describe the physiology of Jerusalem-thorn.
Describe the physiology of Mexican paloverde.
Describe the physiology of sessaban.
Describe the physiology of yellow granadilla.
Describe the physiology of belle apple.
Describe the physiology of Jamaican honeysuckle.
Describe the physiology of vinegar pear.
Describe the physiology of yellow water lemon.
Describe the physiology of marie-tambour.
Describe the physiology of maritambou.
Describe the physiology of pomme d'or.
Describe the physiology of pomme-liane.
Describe the physiology of pomme de liane.
Describe the physiology of saibey.
Describe the physiology of parcha.
Describe the physiology of parcha de culebra.
Describe the physiology of maracujá.
Describe the physiology of maracujá laranja.
Describe the physiology of wasserlimone.
Describe the physiology of wassermelone.
Describe the physiology of banana passion.
Describe the physiology of banana passionfruit.
Describe the physiology of banana poka.
Describe the physiology of poka.
Describe the physiology of curuba.
Describe the physiology of curuba de Castilla.
Describe the physiology of curuba sabanera blanco.
Describe the physiology of tacso.
Describe the physiology of tagso.
Describe the physiology of tauso.
Describe the physiology of parcha.
Describe the physiology of tumbo.
Describe the physiology of tumbo del norte.
Describe the physiology of trompos.
Describe the physiology of tintin.
Describe the physiology of giant granadilla.
Describe the physiology of granadilla.
Describe the physiology of square-stemmed passion flower.
Describe the physiology of fleur de le passion.
Describe the physiology of barbadine.
Describe the physiology of parcha.
Describe the physiology of granadilla real.
Describe the physiology of grandadilla grande.
Describe the physiology of parcha granadina.
Describe the physiology of parcha de Guinea.
Describe the physiology of ganadilla de fresco.
Describe the physiology of granadilla para refrescos.
Describe the physiology of badea.
Describe the physiology of corvejo.
Describe the physiology of sandía de Pasión.
Describe the physiology of maracuya-acu.
Describe the physiology of maracuja-assu.
Describe the physiology of maracuja silvestre.
Describe the physiology of maracuya grande.
Describe the physiology of maracuja melao.
Describe the physiology of maracuja mamao.
Describe the physiology of maracuja de Caiena.
Describe the physiology of parola.
Describe the physiology of kasaflora.
Describe the physiology of erbis.
Describe the physiology of makisa.
Describe the physiology of markiza.
Describe the physiology of markoesa.
Describe the physiology of markeesa.
Describe the physiology of manesa.
Describe the physiology of timun belanda.
Describe the physiology of timun hutan.
Describe the physiology of marquesa.
Describe the physiology of mentimun.
Describe the physiology of su-khontha-rot.
Describe the physiology of dua gan tay.
Describe the physiology of chum bao dua.
Describe the physiology of Parapotina maata (Cooks).
Describe the physiology of Palatini.
Describe the physiology of Vine fua lalahi.
Describe the physiology of Tinitini (Niue).
Describe the physiology of Pasione (Tonga).
Describe the physiology of Pasio (Samoa).
Describe the physiology of parsnip.
Describe the physiology of panais.
Describe the physiology of pastinak.
Describe the physiology of avocado.
Describe the physiology of avocatier.
Describe the physiology of aguacate.
Describe the physiology of adpukat.
Describe the physiology of avokad.
Describe the physiology of apukado.
Describe the physiology of avokaa.
Describe the physiology of awokado.
Describe the physiology of bo'.
Describe the physiology of ie dau.
Describe the physiology of apoka (Cook I).
Describe the physiology of pea.
Describe the physiology of avoka.
Describe the physiology of aviota.
Describe the physiology of bata.
Describe the physiology of chamborote.
Describe the physiology of chilipuca.
Describe the physiology of cubaces.
Describe the physiology of cub.
Describe the physiology of frijol chamborote.
Describe the physiology of haricot d'Espagne.
Describe the physiology of runner bean.
Describe the physiology of bean - runner.
Describe the physiology of scarlet runner bean.
Describe the physiology of broad bean.
Describe the physiology of butter bean.
Describe the physiology of lima bean.
Describe the physiology of caraota de a€o.
Describe the physiology of frijol de media luna.
Describe the physiology of frijol de monte.
Describe the physiology of frijol de ratón.
Describe the physiology of frijolillo.
Describe the physiology of gros pois.
Describe the physiology of candou.
Describe the physiology of guaracara.
Describe the physiology of haba.
Describe the physiology of haricot de sieva.
Describe the physiology of pira de a€o.
Describe the physiology of bean - broad.
Describe the physiology of common bean.
Describe the physiology of french bean.
Describe the physiology of frijol.
Describe the physiology of garden bean.
Describe the physiology of green bean.
Describe the physiology of wandou.
Describe the physiology of Buschbohne.
Describe the physiology of adenguare.
Describe the physiology of Stangenbohne.
Describe the physiology of Reiserbohne.
Describe the physiology of habichuela.
Describe the physiology of haricot.
Describe the physiology of haricot bean.
Describe the physiology of haricot commun.
Describe the physiology of haricot francais.
Describe the physiology of kidney bean.
Describe the physiology of mange-tout.
Describe the physiology of pois.
Describe the physiology of snap bean.
Describe the physiology of pini.
Describe the physiology of piini.
Describe the physiology of field bean.
Describe the physiology of wax bean.
Describe the physiology of bean - common.
Describe the physiology of Phaseoli legumina.
Describe the physiology of date palm.
Describe the physiology of palmier dattier.
Describe the physiology of datte.
Describe the physiology of kajoor.
Describe the physiology of Dattel.
Describe the physiology of Dattelpalme.
Describe the physiology of dattero.
Describe the physiology of palma datilera.
Describe the physiology of palm - date.
Describe the physiology of tamar.
Describe the physiology of al nakheel.
Describe the physiology of pokok korma.
Describe the physiology of korma.
Describe the physiology of Andean uvilla.
Describe the physiology of allspice.
Describe the physiology of pimento.
Describe the physiology of pimienta gorda.
Describe the physiology of piment.
Describe the physiology of kryddpeppar.
Describe the physiology of pepe di Giamaica.
Describe the physiology of pimenta-da-Jamaica.
Describe the physiology of yamayski pyerets.
Describe the physiology of bahar.
Describe the physiology of pea.
Describe the physiology of garden pea.
Describe the physiology of English pea.
Describe the physiology of green pea.
Describe the physiology of petits pois.
Describe the physiology of guisante.
Describe the physiology of arveja.
Describe the physiology of erbse.
Describe the physiology of mattar.
Describe the physiology of ervilha.
Describe the physiology of arapatao.
Describe the physiology of bisillah.
Describe the physiology of purslane.
Describe the physiology of pigweed.
Describe the physiology of peach.
Describe the physiology of pêche.
Describe the physiology of melocoton.
Describe the physiology of pesca.
Describe the physiology of Pfirsich.
Describe the physiology of pessego.
Describe the physiology of Semen Persicae.
Describe the physiology of red Ceylon peach.
Describe the physiology of bonanza peach.
Describe the physiology of clingstone peach.
Describe the physiology of freestone peach.
Describe the physiology of red haven peach.
Describe the physiology of Rio Oso gem peach.
Describe the physiology of cherry guava.
Describe the physiology of Chinese guava.
Describe the physiology of guava Chinese.
Describe the physiology of strawberry guava.
Describe the physiology of goyave de Chine.
Describe the physiology of Cattley guava.
Describe the physiology of guava.
Describe the physiology of guayaba.
Describe the physiology of goyave.
Describe the physiology of goyavier.
Describe the physiology of goiaba.
Describe the physiology of goeajaaba.
Describe the physiology of Guave.
Describe the physiology of jambu batu.
Describe the physiology of bayabas.
Describe the physiology of guyabas.
Describe the physiology of trapaek sruk.
Describe the physiology of si da.
Describe the physiology of farang.
Describe the physiology of fa-rahng.
Describe the physiology of ma-kuai.
Describe the physiology of ma-man.
Describe the physiology of oi.
Describe the physiology of kuava.
Describe the physiology of amrut.
Describe the physiology of kautoga.
Describe the physiology of kua'va.
Describe the physiology of zeitun.
Describe the physiology of winged bean.
Describe the physiology of Goa bean.
Describe the physiology of princess bean.
Describe the physiology of four angled bean.
Describe the physiology of asparagus bean.
Describe the physiology of asparagus pea.
Describe the physiology of princess-pea.
Describe the physiology of supermarket bean.
Describe the physiology of short day asparagus pea.
Describe the physiology of pois asperge.
Describe the physiology of pois carré.
Describe the physiology of haricot ailé.
Describe the physiology of pois ailé.
Describe the physiology of dólico de Goa.
Describe the physiology of frijol alado.
Describe the physiology of judia careta.
Describe the physiology of calamismi.
Describe the physiology of flügelbohne.
Describe the physiology of Goabohne.
Describe the physiology of sikaku mame.
Describe the physiology of pe saung ya.
Describe the physiology of hto pong.
Describe the physiology of ku bemya.
Describe the physiology of si leng dou.
Describe the physiology of si jiao dou.
Describe the physiology of sz kok tau.
Describe the physiology of Goabønne.
Describe the physiology of ketjipir.
Describe the physiology of Goanpapu.
Describe the physiology of fagiolo quadrato.
Describe the physiology of prâpiëy.
Describe the physiology of thwàx ph'uu.
Describe the physiology of kecipir.
Describe the physiology of kethipir.
Describe the physiology of ketjeepir.
Describe the physiology of kachang botol.
Describe the physiology of kacang botol.
Describe the physiology of kacang kelisa.
Describe the physiology of kachang botor.
Describe the physiology of kacang botor.
Describe the physiology of kacang sirek.
Describe the physiology of kechang bolon.
Describe the physiology of kachang belimbing.
Describe the physiology of fava de cavalo.
Describe the physiology of vingböna.
Describe the physiology of segidilla.
Describe the physiology of sigarilya.
Describe the physiology of sigarillas.
Describe the physiology of sigadillas.
Describe the physiology of thua phuu.
Describe the physiology of dau rong.
Describe the physiology of kalamismis.
Describe the physiology of kabey.
Describe the physiology of asbin.
Describe the physiology of as bin.
Describe the physiology of padauk.
Describe the physiology of Burmese rosewood.
Describe the physiology of liki.
Describe the physiology of kudzu.
Describe the physiology of acha.
Describe the physiology of nepalem.
Describe the physiology of kudzu vine.
Describe the physiology of Japanese arrowroot.
Describe the physiology of cudzu'.
Describe the physiology of kudzu comun.
Describe the physiology of vigne japonaise.
Describe the physiology of kudzu du Japon.
Describe the physiology of Kopoubohne.
Describe the physiology of pueraria.
Describe the physiology of kuzu.
Describe the physiology of puero.
Describe the physiology of tropical kudzu.
Describe the physiology of yerba kudzu.
Describe the physiology of cudzu' dos tropicos.
Describe the physiology of pomegranate.
Describe the physiology of grenadine.
Describe the physiology of Chinese apple.
Describe the physiology of grenade.
Describe the physiology of grenadier.
Describe the physiology of roma.
Describe the physiology of roman.
Describe the physiology of romanzeira.
Describe the physiology of milgrada.
Describe the physiology of mirgadeira.
Describe the physiology of granada.
Describe the physiology of granado.
Describe the physiology of dalima.
Describe the physiology of melograno.
Describe the physiology of pear.
Describe the physiology of pear tree.
Describe the physiology of poire.
Describe the physiology of poirier.
Describe the physiology of pera.
Describe the physiology of pereira.
Describe the physiology of peral.
Describe the physiology of Birne.
Describe the physiology of Birnenbaum.
Describe the physiology of radish.
Describe the physiology of Japanese radish.
Describe the physiology of leafy daikon.
Describe the physiology of daikon.
Describe the physiology of European raspberry.
Describe the physiology of red garden raspberry.
Describe the physiology of red raspberry.
Describe the physiology of hindberry.
Describe the physiology of rasberry.
Describe the physiology of raspberry.
Describe the physiology of hindbær.
Describe the physiology of frambuesa.
Describe the physiology of framboise.
Describe the physiology of framboeza.
Describe the physiology of sarca-ideia.
Describe the physiology of Himbeere.
Describe the physiology of Rubi idaei folium.
Describe the physiology of dewberry.
Describe the physiology of duruka.
Describe the physiology of Fiji aspragus.
Describe the physiology of duruka.
Describe the physiology of dule (Fiji).
Describe the physiology of pit-pit (Melanesia).
Describe the physiology of naviso.
Describe the physiology of Coastal pitpit.
Describe the physiology of Pitpit.
Describe the physiology of sugarcane.
Describe the physiology of sugar cane.
Describe the physiology of canna da zucchero.
Describe the physiology of caña de azúcar.
Describe the physiology of cana de acucar.
Describe the physiology of Zuckerrohr.
Describe the physiology of suikerriet.
Describe the physiology of shenkora.
Describe the physiology of dovu.
Describe the physiology of dovu buta.
Describe the physiology of dovu vico.
Describe the physiology of malaqele.
Describe the physiology of kabakabavale.
Describe the physiology of ganna.
Describe the physiology of te kaikawewe (Kiribati).
Describe the physiology of to.
Describe the physiology of tolo (Samoa.
Describe the physiology of Tuvalu).
Describe the physiology of peqi (Simbo).
Describe the physiology of suti (Roviana).
Describe the physiology of suga.
Describe the physiology of rain tree saman.
Describe the physiology of monkey-pod tree.
Describe the physiology of monkeypod.
Describe the physiology of saman tree.
Describe the physiology of zaman.
Describe the physiology of genisaro.
Describe the physiology of cow tamarind.
Describe the physiology of porrain tree.
Describe the physiology of arvore da chuva.
Describe the physiology of samania.
Describe the physiology of guango.
Describe the physiology of feijao cru'.
Describe the physiology of mendubi de veado.
Describe the physiology of ohai saman.
Describe the physiology of 'ohai.
Describe the physiology of gumor ni spanis.
Describe the physiology of kasia.
Describe the physiology of vaivai ni vavalangi.
Describe the physiology of vaivai ni vavalagi.
Describe the physiology of tronkon mames.
Describe the physiology of trongkon-mames.
Describe the physiology of filinganga (CNMI-Carolinian).
Describe the physiology of rye.
Describe the physiology of seigle.
Describe the physiology of centeno.
Describe the physiology of roggen.
Describe the physiology of saat-roggen.
Describe the physiology of segale comune.
Describe the physiology of zyto.
Describe the physiology of almindelig rug.
Describe the physiology of rug.
Describe the physiology of råg.
Describe the physiology of rúgur.
Describe the physiology of ruis.
Describe the physiology of rogge.
Describe the physiology of chayote.
Describe the physiology of Madeira marrow.
Describe the physiology of vegetable pear.
Describe the physiology of zucchetta spinosa.
Describe the physiology of cidrayota.
Describe the physiology of gayota.
Describe the physiology of chistophine.
Describe the physiology of mirliton.
Describe the physiology of chocho.
Describe the physiology of chuchu.
Describe the physiology of xuxu.
Describe the physiology of machiche.
Describe the physiology of machuchu (Brazil).
Describe the physiology of papa del arie (Argentina).
Describe the physiology of huisquil (Mexico).
Describe the physiology of choko.
Describe the physiology of Sioko.
Describe the physiology of sesame.
Describe the physiology of ajonjoli.
Describe the physiology of sesamo.
Describe the physiology of zhima.
Describe the physiology of gergelim.
Describe the physiology of til.
Describe the physiology of sesam.
Describe the physiology of simsim.
Describe the physiology of kunzhut.
Describe the physiology of goma.
Describe the physiology of hu-ma.
Describe the physiology of selit.
Describe the physiology of scarlet wisteria tree.
Describe the physiology of glossy nightshade.
Describe the physiology of small flowered nightshade.
Describe the physiology of American black nightshade.
Describe the physiology of morelle noire.
Describe the physiology of harsh.
Describe the physiology of managu.
Describe the physiology of key awuti.
Describe the physiology of eggplant.
Describe the physiology of aubergine.
Describe the physiology of brinjal.
Describe the physiology of badinjan.
Describe the physiology of jew's apple.
Describe the physiology of mad apple.
Describe the physiology of melongene.
Describe the physiology of melanzana.
Describe the physiology of baijani.
Describe the physiology of baigan.
Describe the physiology of beringela.
Describe the physiology of jiloeiro.
Describe the physiology of jilo'.
Describe the physiology of gilo'.
Describe the physiology of berenjena.
Describe the physiology of paigani.
Describe the physiology of paegani (Tuvalu).
Describe the physiology of albaricoque.
Describe the physiology of European elder.
Describe the physiology of common elder.
Describe the physiology of black elder.
Describe the physiology of bour.
Describe the physiology of bour tree.
Describe the physiology of elder.
Describe the physiology of key-awuti.
Describe the physiology of schwarzer nachtschatten.
Describe the physiology of nattskatta.
Describe the physiology of svartsøtvier.
Describe the physiology of mustakoiso.
Describe the physiology of karakap.
Describe the physiology of sort natskygge.
Describe the physiology of boro ni veiwere.
Describe the physiology of Qaqata (Konsogna).
Describe the physiology of A'ena (Wolayetgna).
Describe the physiology of Awitt (Amargna).
Describe the physiology of naranjilla.
Describe the physiology of little orange.
Describe the physiology of Quito orange.
Describe the physiology of lulo.
Describe the physiology of morelle de Quito.
Describe the physiology of orange de Quito.
Describe the physiology of quitoense.
Describe the physiology of naranjilla de Quito.
Describe the physiology of nuqui.
Describe the physiology of naranjita de Quito.
Describe the physiology of lulun.
Describe the physiology of toronja.
Describe the physiology of laranjitas de Quito.
Describe the physiology of lulo frucht.
Describe the physiology of lulu puscolulu.
Describe the physiology of lulum (Inca).
Describe the physiology of prickly solanum.
Describe the physiology of terongan.
Describe the physiology of soni.
Describe the physiology of bhankatiya.
Describe the physiology of turkeyberry.
Describe the physiology of berenjena cimarrona.
Describe the physiology of potato.
Describe the physiology of tuber.
Describe the physiology of spud.
Describe the physiology of Irish potato.
Describe the physiology of white potato.
Describe the physiology of Spanish potato.
Describe the physiology of pomme de terre.
Describe the physiology of patate.
Describe the physiology of batata.
Describe the physiology of batateira vulgar.
Describe the physiology of papa.
Describe the physiology of vateta.
Describe the physiology of aartappel.
Describe the physiology of katoffel.
Describe the physiology of Kartoffel.
Describe the physiology of peruna.
Describe the physiology of potaati.
Describe the physiology of potatis.
Describe the physiology of patata.
Describe the physiology of firefly mangrove.
Describe the physiology of mangrove.
Describe the physiology of broom-corn.
Describe the physiology of sorghum.
Describe the physiology of sweet sorghum.
Describe the physiology of chicken corn.
Describe the physiology of sorgho.
Describe the physiology of sorgo.
Describe the physiology of ipwa.
Describe the physiology of bachanta.
Describe the physiology of tinkish.
Describe the physiology of Hirse.
Describe the physiology of African tulip tree.
Describe the physiology of Tulpenbaum.
Describe the physiology of spinach.
Describe the physiology of epinard.
Describe the physiology of espinaca.
Describe the physiology of spinacio.
Describe the physiology of ambarella.
Describe the physiology of otaheite apple.
Describe the physiology of great hog plum.
Describe the physiology of hogplum.
Describe the physiology of kedondong manis.
Describe the physiology of kedondong.
Describe the physiology of hevi.
Describe the physiology of mokak.
Describe the physiology of kook hvaan.
Describe the physiology of makok-farang.
Describe the physiology of cóc.
Describe the physiology of golden apple.
Describe the physiology of koris.
Describe the physiology of yellow mombin.
Describe the physiology of hog plum.
Describe the physiology of Spanish plum.
Describe the physiology of gully plum.
Describe the physiology of Ashanti plum.
Describe the physiology of mombin franc.
Describe the physiology of mombin fruits jaunes.
Describe the physiology of mombinier.
Describe the physiology of myrobalane.
Describe the physiology of prune mombin.
Describe the physiology of prune myrobalan.
Describe the physiology of prunier mombin.
Describe the physiology of caimito.
Describe the physiology of chupandilla.
Describe the physiology of ciruela agria.
Describe the physiology of ciruela amarilla.
Describe the physiology of ciruela de jobo.
Describe the physiology of ciruela del pais.
Describe the physiology of ciruela de monte.
Describe the physiology of ciruela loca.
Describe the physiology of cirueld mango.
Describe the physiology of ciruela obo.
Describe the physiology of cuajo.
Describe the physiology of guama zapotero.
Describe the physiology of hobo de monte.
Describe the physiology of hubu.
Describe the physiology of jobillo.
Describe the physiology of jobito.
Describe the physiology of jobo.
Describe the physiology of jobo arisco.
Describe the physiology of joboban.
Describe the physiology of jobo blanco.
Describe the physiology of jobo de Castilla.
Describe the physiology of jobo de perro.
Describe the physiology of jobo de puerco.
Describe the physiology of jobo espino.
Describe the physiology of jobo espinoso.
Describe the physiology of jobo gusanero.
Describe the physiology of jobo hembra.
Describe the physiology of jobo jocote.
Describe the physiology of jobo negro.
Describe the physiology of jobo roñoso.
Describe the physiology of jobo vano.
Describe the physiology of jocote.
Describe the physiology of jocote amarillo.
Describe the physiology of jocote de chanche.
Describe the physiology of jocote dejobo.
Describe the physiology of jocote jobo.
Describe the physiology of jocote montanero.
Describe the physiology of jocote montero.
Describe the physiology of jovo.
Describe the physiology of marapa.
Describe the physiology of obo de zopilote.
Describe the physiology of palo de mulato.
Describe the physiology of noma.
Describe the physiology of tobo de montana.
Describe the physiology of obo.
Describe the physiology of uvo.
Describe the physiology of acaiba.
Describe the physiology of acaimiri.
Describe the physiology of acaja.
Describe the physiology of acajaiba.
Describe the physiology of caja.
Describe the physiology of caja mirim.
Describe the physiology of caja pequeno.
Describe the physiology of cajazeiro.
Describe the physiology of and caja miudo.
Describe the physiology of hoeboe.
Describe the physiology of mompe.
Describe the physiology of monbe.
Describe the physiology of mopé.
Describe the physiology of moppé.
Describe the physiology of taperiba.
Describe the physiology of tapiriba.
Describe the physiology of tamarind.
Describe the physiology of Indian date.
Describe the physiology of Madeira mahogany.
Describe the physiology of camalindo.
Describe the physiology of sampaloc.
Describe the physiology of tamarin.
Describe the physiology of tamarindo.
Describe the physiology of tamarainer.
Describe the physiology of tamarindier.
Describe the physiology of ardeib.
Describe the physiology of tamarindeiro.
Describe the physiology of tamarinho.
Describe the physiology of tamarineiro.
Describe the physiology of tamarinheiro.
Describe the physiology of tamanha.
Describe the physiology of jubai'.
Describe the physiology of tamarinde.
Describe the physiology of tamarindizio.
Describe the physiology of ambli.
Describe the physiology of amli.
Describe the physiology of imli.
Describe the physiology of amalika.
Describe the physiology of tintiff.
Describe the physiology of tintul.
Describe the physiology of tetul.
Describe the physiology of chinch.
Describe the physiology of chitz.
Describe the physiology of asam jawa.
Describe the physiology of assam.
Describe the physiology of tambaring.
Describe the physiology of chinta.
Describe the physiology of sitta.
Describe the physiology of pulian.
Describe the physiology of tetili.
Describe the physiology of salomagi.
Describe the physiology of sampalok.
Describe the physiology of kalamagi.
Describe the physiology of makham.
Describe the physiology of bakham.
Describe the physiology of somkham.
Describe the physiology of humer.
Describe the physiology of masika.
Describe the physiology of dakar (Senegal).
Describe the physiology of ukwaju.
Describe the physiology of arabeb.
Describe the physiology of b/roka.
Describe the physiology of racahu.
Describe the physiology of dereho.
Describe the physiology of dindie.
Describe the physiology of ghroma.
Describe the physiology of gianko.
Describe the physiology of omar.
Describe the physiology of aradeib.
Describe the physiology of tamarihindi.
Describe the physiology of shekere.
Describe the physiology of kuashi.
Describe the physiology of danufi.
Describe the physiology of daharg.
Describe the physiology of dakah.
Describe the physiology of dakhar.
Describe the physiology of ndakhar.
Describe the physiology of roka.
Describe the physiology of hemor.
Describe the physiology of homor.
Describe the physiology of humar.
Describe the physiology of komar.
Describe the physiology of tommar.
Describe the physiology of siyambala.
Describe the physiology of maha.
Describe the physiology of mushishi.
Describe the physiology of mkwaju.
Describe the physiology of ol-masamburai.
Describe the physiology of mwemba.
Describe the physiology of hamar.
Describe the physiology of khaam.
Describe the physiology of mak kham.
Describe the physiology of puli.
Describe the physiology of magyi.
Describe the physiology of magyee.
Describe the physiology of majee-pen.
Describe the physiology of tamarenn.
Describe the physiology of 'am' pul.
Describe the physiology of ampil.
Describe the physiology of khoua me.
Describe the physiology of kham.
Describe the physiology of me.
Describe the physiology of trai me.
Describe the physiology of ttri.
Describe the physiology of titis.
Describe the physiology of paun.
Describe the physiology of dabe.
Describe the physiology of jammeh.
Describe the physiology of jammi.
Describe the physiology of homar.
Describe the physiology of roka (Galinya).
Describe the physiology of ragai (Soddu).
Describe the physiology of tamarind-hendi.
Describe the physiology of Rogo'ota (Konsogna).
Describe the physiology of Koria (Wolayetgna).
Describe the physiology of Tropical almond.
Describe the physiology of Indian almond.
Describe the physiology of sea almond.
Describe the physiology of badamier (Fr.).
Describe the physiology of daile.
Describe the physiology of natapoa.
Describe the physiology of alita.
Describe the physiology of talie.
Describe the physiology of telie.
Describe the physiology of Tatalise (Roviana).
Describe the physiology of Talise (Simbo/Marovo).
Describe the physiology of Java almond.
Describe the physiology of cocoa.
Describe the physiology of cacao.
Describe the physiology of koko.
Describe the physiology of Kakao.
Describe the physiology of fey dayiti.
Describe the physiology of gran maho.
Describe the physiology of grand mahaut.
Describe the physiology of gros mahaut.
Describe the physiology of gwo maho.
Describe the physiology of mahot.
Describe the physiology of cork tree.
Describe the physiology of Indian tulip tree.
Describe the physiology of John-Bull tree.
Describe the physiology of large-leaved tulip tree.
Describe the physiology of milo.
Describe the physiology of Pacific rosewood.
Describe the physiology of portia tree.
Describe the physiology of seaside mahoe.
Describe the physiology of feuilles d'Haiti.
Describe the physiology of motel debou.
Describe the physiology of gajadanda.
Describe the physiology of paras-pipal.
Describe the physiology of parsipu.
Describe the physiology of porush.
Describe the physiology of baru laut.
Describe the physiology of waru laut.
Describe the physiology of baëhs sâmut.
Describe the physiology of chréi sâmut.
Describe the physiology of baru baru.
Describe the physiology of alamo.
Describe the physiology of alamo blanco.
Describe the physiology of carana.
Describe the physiology of clamour.
Describe the physiology of duartiana.
Describe the physiology of emajaguilla.
Describe the physiology of higuillo.
Describe the physiology of jaqueca.
Describe the physiology of majaguilla.
Describe the physiology of majugua de la Florida.
Describe the physiology of palo de jaqueca.
Describe the physiology of pho-thale.
Describe the physiology of mangrove.
Describe the physiology of charcoal tree.
Describe the physiology of gun-powder tree.
Describe the physiology of mpesi.
Describe the physiology of menarong.
Describe the physiology of bulasisi.
Describe the physiology of corgul.
Describe the physiology of peppermint.
Describe the physiology of brandy mint.
Describe the physiology of menthe poivree.
Describe the physiology of menthe.
Describe the physiology of bohe.
Describe the physiology of Pfefferminze.
Describe the physiology of menta.
Describe the physiology of pepparmynta.
Describe the physiology of pepermynte.
Describe the physiology of na'na.
Describe the physiology of pepermunt.
Describe the physiology of hortela.
Describe the physiology of myata.
Describe the physiology of seiyo-hakka.
Describe the physiology of Folia Menthae piperitae.
Describe the physiology of Oleum Menthae piperitae.
Describe the physiology of Spiritus Menthae piperitae.
Describe the physiology of Menthae piperitae herba.
Describe the physiology of Aetheroleum menthae piperitae.
Describe the physiology of yang-po-ho.
Describe the physiology of snake gourd.
Describe the physiology of chichinda.
Describe the physiology of wheat.
Describe the physiology of bread wheat.
Describe the physiology of blé.
Describe the physiology of alkamh.
Describe the physiology of sinde.
Describe the physiology of xiao mai.
Describe the physiology of trigo.
Describe the physiology of brödvete.
Describe the physiology of vanligt vete.
Describe the physiology of kveite.
Describe the physiology of almindelig hvede.
Describe the physiology of leipävehnä.
Describe the physiology of vehnä.
Describe the physiology of hveiti.
Describe the physiology of aat-weize.
Describe the physiology of weizen.
Describe the physiology of grano.
Describe the physiology of frumento.
Describe the physiology of lua mi.
Describe the physiology of froment.
Describe the physiology of cereals-wheat.
Describe the physiology of ulluco.
Describe the physiology of melloco.
Describe the physiology of oca quina.
Describe the physiology of rubas (Ecuador).
Describe the physiology of olloco.
Describe the physiology of ulluca.
Describe the physiology of ulluma (Argentina).
Describe the physiology of papa lisas.
Describe the physiology of lisas (Bolivia).
Describe the physiology of olluco.
Describe the physiology of papalisa (Peru).
Describe the physiology of rubas.
Describe the physiology of camarones de tierra.
Describe the physiology of ruhuas (Colombia).
Describe the physiology of micuche.
Describe the physiology of miguri.
Describe the physiology of ruba.
Describe the physiology of tinquino (Venezuela).
Describe the physiology of broad bean.
Describe the physiology of Windsor bean.
Describe the physiology of faba bean.
Describe the physiology of ackerbohne.
Describe the physiology of pferde bohne.
Describe the physiology of fève de Marais.
Describe the physiology of fava.
Describe the physiology of faveira.
Describe the physiology of horse bean.
Describe the physiology of adzuki bean.
Describe the physiology of adsuki.
Describe the physiology of atsuki atzuki.
Describe the physiology of azuki bean.
Describe the physiology of haricot adzuki.
Describe the physiology of haricot à feuilles angulaires.
Describe the physiology of haricot konde.
Describe the physiology of nirikia.
Describe the physiology of feijâo adzuki.
Describe the physiology of frijol adzuki.
Describe the physiology of frijol diablito.
Describe the physiology of poroto arroz.
Describe the physiology of adzukibohne.
Describe the physiology of fagiolo adzuki.
Describe the physiology of red  bean.
Describe the physiology of black gram.
Describe the physiology of urd.
Describe the physiology of urid.
Describe the physiology of mung bean.
Describe the physiology of bean - mung.
Describe the physiology of green gram (India).
Describe the physiology of mung bean (Aust).
Describe the physiology of judia de mungo.
Describe the physiology of poroto mungo (Paraguay).
Describe the physiology of ambérique.
Describe the physiology of Mungbohne.
Describe the physiology of rice bean.
Describe the physiology of bean - rice.
Describe the physiology of red bean.
Describe the physiology of lazy-man pea.
Describe the physiology of haricot de riz.
Describe the physiology of frijol arroz.
Describe the physiology of judia de arroz.
Describe the physiology of mambi bean.
Describe the physiology of anipay.
Describe the physiology of bamboo bean.
Describe the physiology of climbing mountain bean.
Describe the physiology of crab-eye bean.
Describe the physiology of dungay.
Describe the physiology of kalipan.
Describe the physiology of kilkilang.
Describe the physiology of linay.
Describe the physiology of mangulasi.
Describe the physiology of mungo lising.
Describe the physiology of pagapay.
Describe the physiology of pagsei.
Describe the physiology of paksai.
Describe the physiology of taklauo.
Describe the physiology of tapilan.
Describe the physiology of gai-kalai.
Describe the physiology of ghurush.
Describe the physiology of gurounsh.
Describe the physiology of gurush.
Describe the physiology of kachang sepalit.
Describe the physiology of katjang otji.
Describe the physiology of meth.
Describe the physiology of pau maia.
Describe the physiology of shiltong.
Describe the physiology of sita-mas.
Describe the physiology of sutari.
Describe the physiology of sutri.
Describe the physiology of take-azuki.
Describe the physiology of tsuru-adsuki.
Describe the physiology of mu-tsa.
Describe the physiology of reisbohne.
Describe the physiology of cow pea.
Describe the physiology of cowpea.
Describe the physiology of southern pea (USA).
Describe the physiology of yard long bean.
Describe the physiology of pois inconnu.
Describe the physiology of pois manger cochon.
Describe the physiology of frijol de vaca.
Describe the physiology of jiangdou.
Describe the physiology of caupí.
Describe the physiology of boeme.
Describe the physiology of catjang.
Describe the physiology of niebe.
Describe the physiology of pois liane.
Describe the physiology of grape.
Describe the physiology of raisin.
Describe the physiology of grappe.
Describe the physiology of uva.
Describe the physiology of videira.
Describe the physiology of vinha.
Describe the physiology of vindrue.
Describe the physiology of buah anggur.
Describe the physiology of auggut.
Describe the physiology of ubas.
Describe the physiology of sa-pyit.
Describe the physiology of tra pèang baay chum.
Describe the physiology of angunx.
Describe the physiology of artgun.
Describe the physiology of nho.
Describe the physiology of Traube.
Describe the physiology of Weintraube.
Describe the physiology of Vitis viniferae folium.
Describe the physiology of enab.
Describe the physiology of vite.
Describe the physiology of tannia.
Describe the physiology of new cocoyam.
Describe the physiology of tania.
Describe the physiology of badoo (Jam).
Describe the physiology of Chinese taro (Pap.N.G.).
Describe the physiology of chou (Gren).
Describe the physiology of chou caraibe (Ant).
Describe the physiology of Dalo ni tana (Fi).
Describe the physiology of Fiji taro.
Describe the physiology of ghuya.
Describe the physiology of kimpool.
Describe the physiology of kong kong taro (N.Guin.).
Describe the physiology of macabo (Cam).
Describe the physiology of maduma (Tanz).
Describe the physiology of maffafa (Ant).
Describe the physiology of Malanga (Ant-Cub).
Describe the physiology of Malanga blanca (Nic).
Describe the physiology of Mangareto (Bra).
Describe the physiology of Ocumo (Ven).
Describe the physiology of Ocumo cuman (Ven).
Describe the physiology of Quequeque (Guat.).
Describe the physiology of Rascadera (Bra).
Describe the physiology of Singapo?.
Describe the physiology of Tajer (Sur).
Describe the physiology of Taioba (Bra).
Describe the physiology of Talo papalagi (Sam).
Describe the physiology of Ta'amu papalagi.
Describe the physiology of Tanyove (Guy).
Describe the physiology of Tarua??.
Describe the physiology of Tata.
Describe the physiology of Tayobe.
Describe the physiology of Tayonne.
Describe the physiology of Tayo Tyo (W.I.).
Describe the physiology of Tiquisque (C.Ri.).
Describe the physiology of Yautia bravia (P.Ri.).
Describe the physiology of maize.
Describe the physiology of corn.
Describe the physiology of Mais.
Describe the physiology of maiz.
Describe the physiology of milho.
Describe the physiology of yumi.
Describe the physiology of khao phoat.
Describe the physiology of bekolo.
Describe the physiology of sila.
Describe the physiology of sila nivava lagi.
Describe the physiology of tomorokpshi.
Describe the physiology of makai.
Describe the physiology of makki.
Describe the physiology of koane.
Describe the physiology of fiso.
Describe the physiology of sana.
Describe the physiology of keto (Simbo/Roviana).
Describe the physiology of kon.
Describe the physiology of mielie.
Describe the physiology of mahindi.
Describe the physiology of ekidid (Karamojong).
Describe the physiology of maidis stigmata.
Describe the physiology of mbemba.
Describe the physiology of poone.
Describe the physiology of upfu.
Describe the physiology of hupfu.
Describe the physiology of mbila.
Describe the physiology of amaranths.
Describe the physiology of xian.
Describe the physiology of lishalisho.
Describe the physiology of ferenjitef.
Describe the physiology of iyaso (Galinya).
Describe the physiology of jolili (Galinya).
Describe the physiology of gagabsa (Wollamo).
Describe the physiology of dill.
Describe the physiology of garden dill.
Describe the physiology of East Indian dill.
Describe the physiology of aneth.
Describe the physiology of eneldo.
Describe the physiology of shibith.
Describe the physiology of dille.
Describe the physiology of aneto.
Describe the physiology of funcho bastardo.
Describe the physiology of endro.
Describe the physiology of ukrop.
Describe the physiology of shih-lo.
Describe the physiology of Anethi folium.
Describe the physiology of Anethi fructus.
Describe the physiology of Aetheroleum anethi fructus.
Describe the physiology of Aetheroleum anethi herba.
Describe the physiology of cherimoya.
Describe the physiology of cherimoyer.
Describe the physiology of soursop.
Describe the physiology of sauerapfel.
Describe the physiology of cherimolier.
Describe the physiology of graveola.
Describe the physiology of noina ostrelia.
Describe the physiology of ilama.
Describe the physiology of anona blanca.
Describe the physiology of ilamatzapotl.
Describe the physiology of izlama.
Describe the physiology of papausa.
Describe the physiology of Soncoya.
Describe the physiology of bignay.
Describe the physiology of Chinese laurel.
Describe the physiology of blackcurrant tree.
Describe the physiology of salamander tree.
Describe the physiology of antidesme.
Describe the physiology of antidesma da China.
Describe the physiology of cardoeira.
Describe the physiology of buni.
Describe the physiology of wuni.
Describe the physiology of huni.
Describe the physiology of bunch.
Describe the physiology of paginga.
Describe the physiology of isip.
Describe the physiology of kho liên tu.
Describe the physiology of baa mao ruesee.
Describe the physiology of mamao dong.
Describe the physiology of mao chaang.
Describe the physiology of chiòi mòi.
Describe the physiology of groundnut.
Describe the physiology of peanut.
Describe the physiology of monkeynut.
Describe the physiology of arachide.
Describe the physiology of cacahuètes.
Describe the physiology of Erdnuss.
Describe the physiology of goober.
Describe the physiology of mani.
Describe the physiology of mani largo.
Describe the physiology of pindels.
Describe the physiology of pistach.
Describe the physiology of pistache.
Describe the physiology of pinat.
Describe the physiology of pinati.
Describe the physiology of earthnut.
Describe the physiology of Manila nut.
Describe the physiology of Chinese nut.
Describe the physiology of pindar.
Describe the physiology of goober pea.
Describe the physiology of spagnoletta.
Describe the physiology of nilakkadalai.
Describe the physiology of kadalai.
Describe the physiology of akee.
Describe the physiology of ackee.
Describe the physiology of akee apple.
Describe the physiology of vegetable brain.
Describe the physiology of arbre fricassé.
Describe the physiology of arbre a fricasser.
Describe the physiology of yeux de crabe.
Describe the physiology of ris de veau.
Describe the physiology of seso vegetal.
Describe the physiology of arbol de seso.
Describe the physiology of palo de seso.
Describe the physiology of huevo vegetal.
Describe the physiology of fruto de huevo.
Describe the physiology of arbor del huevo.
Describe the physiology of pera roja.
Describe the physiology of merey del diablo.
Describe the physiology of bien me sabe.
Describe the physiology of pan y quesito.
Describe the physiology of akí.
Describe the physiology of castanha.
Describe the physiology of castanheiro de Africa.
Describe the physiology of finza.
Describe the physiology of akie.
Describe the physiology of kaka.
Describe the physiology of finzan.
Describe the physiology of akye.
Describe the physiology of akyen.
Describe the physiology of ishin.
Describe the physiology of Kohlrabi.
Describe the physiology of Sword bean.
Describe the physiology of achira.
Describe the physiology of edible canna.
Describe the physiology of purple arrowroot.
Describe the physiology of Queensland arrowroot.
Describe the physiology of Australian arrow root.
Describe the physiology of tous-les-mois.
Describe the physiology of toloman.
Describe the physiology of conflor.
Describe the physiology of bahasa.
Describe the physiology of achera.
Describe the physiology of capacho.
Describe the physiology of sugù.
Describe the physiology of chisqua.
Describe the physiology of adura.
Describe the physiology of luano.
Describe the physiology of gruya.
Describe the physiology of tolumán.
Describe the physiology of tikas.
Describe the physiology of punyapong.
Describe the physiology of kaska.
Describe the physiology of piriquitoya.
Describe the physiology of maraca.
Describe the physiology of imocona.
Describe the physiology of platanillo.
Describe the physiology of cafiacoros.
Describe the physiology of ganyong.
Describe the physiology of lembong njeedra.
Describe the physiology of seneetra.
Describe the physiology of merù.
Describe the physiology of birù manso.
Describe the physiology of bery.
Describe the physiology of imbiry.
Describe the physiology of araruta bastarda.
Describe the physiology of bandua de Uribe.
Describe the physiology of adalut.
Describe the physiology of kenyong.
Describe the physiology of ubi gereda.
Describe the physiology of zembu.
Describe the physiology of sakhu chin.
Describe the physiology of dong rieng.
Describe the physiology of Pecan.
Describe the physiology of chestnut.
Describe the physiology of European chestnut.
Describe the physiology of French chestnut.
Describe the physiology of Italian chestnut.
Describe the physiology of Spanish chestnut.
Describe the physiology of Sardian chestnut.
Describe the physiology of sweet chestnut.
Describe the physiology of Congo stick.
Describe the physiology of chataignier.
Describe the physiology of castagno.
Describe the physiology of Kastanienbaum.
Describe the physiology of Edelkastanie.
Describe the physiology of ægte kastanie.
Describe the physiology of castanheiro vulgar.
Describe the physiology of Castaneae folium.
Describe the physiology of aila.
Describe the physiology of Key lime.
Describe the physiology of acid lime.
Describe the physiology of Mexican lime.
Describe the physiology of sour lime.
Describe the physiology of West Indian lime.
Describe the physiology of lime tree.
Describe the physiology of common lime.
Describe the physiology of lime acide.
Describe the physiology of limettier.
Describe the physiology of citron vert.
Describe the physiology of limoo.
Describe the physiology of doc.
Describe the physiology of lima.
Describe the physiology of limón ceutí.
Describe the physiology of lima ácida.
Describe the physiology of tipolo.
Describe the physiology of Limette.
Describe the physiology of Limettenbaum.
Describe the physiology of Limone.
Describe the physiology of saure Limette.
Describe the physiology of saure Limonette.
Describe the physiology of Limonelle.
Describe the physiology of kagzi mimboo.
Describe the physiology of jeruk nipis.
Describe the physiology of jeruk pecel.
Describe the physiology of limau asam.
Describe the physiology of limau nipis.
Describe the physiology of mull.
Describe the physiology of dayap.
Describe the physiology of krooch chhmaa muul.
Describe the physiology of naaw.
Describe the physiology of somma nao.
Describe the physiology of manao.
Describe the physiology of cbanh.
Describe the physiology of chanh ta.
Describe the physiology of muli.
Describe the physiology of sipora.
Describe the physiology of arani (Cooks).
Describe the physiology of moli.
Describe the physiology of molie.
Describe the physiology of moli laimi.
Describe the physiology of laimi.
Describe the physiology of nabbu kaghdi.
Describe the physiology of te raim (Kiribati).
Describe the physiology of moli tipolo.
Describe the physiology of Omani lime (Oman).
Describe the physiology of kaghzi nimba.
Describe the physiology of baladi lemon (Egypt).
Describe the physiology of gallego (Brazil).
Describe the physiology of hazel nut.
Describe the physiology of European hazel.
Describe the physiology of cob nuts.
Describe the physiology of Irish coll.
Describe the physiology of fertile de Coutard.
Describe the physiology of longue d'Espagne.
Describe the physiology of lungha di Spagne.
Describe the physiology of nocciolo.
Describe the physiology of Gunslebenert Zellernuss.
Describe the physiology of Gunslebert.
Describe the physiology of Haselnuss.
Describe the physiology of Haselnussbaum.
Describe the physiology of hassel.
Describe the physiology of hasselbuske.
Describe the physiology of vanlig hassel.
Describe the physiology of pähkinäpensas.
Describe the physiology of Coryli folium.
Describe the physiology of black sapote.
Describe the physiology of black persimmon.
Describe the physiology of zapote negro.
Describe the physiology of Java apple.
Describe the physiology of buckwheat.
Describe the physiology of qiaomei.
Describe the physiology of ogal.
Describe the physiology of mite phapar.
Describe the physiology of grecicha kul'turnaja.
Describe the physiology of poganka.
Describe the physiology of sarrasin.
Describe the physiology of trigo sarraceno.
Describe the physiology of fagopiro.
Describe the physiology of echter Buchweizen.
Describe the physiology of Buchweizen.
Describe the physiology of Keidekorn.
Describe the physiology of soba.
Describe the physiology of bovete.
Describe the physiology of bokvete.
Describe the physiology of vanligt bovete.
Describe the physiology of bokkveite.
Describe the physiology of almindelig boghvede.
Describe the physiology of viljatatar.
Describe the physiology of Fagopyri semen.
Describe the physiology of Fagopyri herba.
Describe the physiology of Governor's plum.
Describe the physiology of batoko plum.
Describe the physiology of Indian plum.
Describe the physiology of whip cane.
Describe the physiology of jangoma.
Describe the physiology of flacurtia.
Describe the physiology of oval kumquat.
Describe the physiology of Nagame kumquat.
Describe the physiology of cumquate oval.
Describe the physiology of wild strawberry.
Describe the physiology of Walderdbeere.
Describe the physiology of Knickbeere.
Describe the physiology of fragolina di bosco.
Describe the physiology of smultron.
Describe the physiology of skogssmultron.
Describe the physiology of månadssmultron.
Describe the physiology of markjordbær.
Describe the physiology of skov-jordbær.
Describe the physiology of ahomansikka.
Describe the physiology of mansikka.
Describe the physiology of villijar›arber.
Describe the physiology of gourka.
Describe the physiology of egg tree.
Describe the physiology of peach palm.
Describe the physiology of pejibaye.
Describe the physiology of chontaduro.
Describe the physiology of pijuayo(Peru).
Describe the physiology of palmier-peche.
Describe the physiology of pupunha.
Describe the physiology of (see also under Notes).
Describe the physiology of walnut.
Describe the physiology of walnut tree.
Describe the physiology of Nussbaum.
Describe the physiology of Walnussbaum.
Describe the physiology of echte Walnuß.
Describe the physiology of noce.
Describe the physiology of noyer.
Describe the physiology of nogal.
Describe the physiology of valnød.
Describe the physiology of almindelig valnød.
Describe the physiology of valnöt.
Describe the physiology of valnötsträd.
Describe the physiology of äkta valnöt.
Describe the physiology of Juglandis folium.
Describe the physiology of Juglandis pericarpium.
Describe the physiology of Juglandis disseptum.
Describe the physiology of langsat.
Describe the physiology of duku.
Describe the physiology of kokosan.
Describe the physiology of duku-langsat.
Describe the physiology of lansones.
Describe the physiology of boboa.
Describe the physiology of buahan.
Describe the physiology of longkong.
Describe the physiology of bònbon.
Describe the physiology of Sapodilla.
Describe the physiology of chiku.
Describe the physiology of Arrowroot.
Describe the physiology of balm.
Describe the physiology of lemon balm.
Describe the physiology of Melisse.
Describe the physiology of melisse officinale.
Describe the physiology of Melissae folium.
Describe the physiology of Melissae herba.
Describe the physiology of Aetheroleum melissae.
Describe the physiology of false pickerelweed.
Describe the physiology of horseradish tree.
Describe the physiology of ben oil tree.
Describe the physiology of drumstick tree.
Describe the physiology of clarifier tree.
Describe the physiology of mother's best friend.
Describe the physiology of moringa tree.
Describe the physiology of cabbage tree.
Describe the physiology of benzolive tree.
Describe the physiology of malunggay.
Describe the physiology of zogallagandi.
Describe the physiology of okwe oyibo.
Describe the physiology of mlonge.
Describe the physiology of mzunze.
Describe the physiology of ewe-igbale.
Describe the physiology of meelsakboom.
Describe the physiology of Aleco (Konsogna).
Describe the physiology of Shiferaw (Amargna).
Describe the physiology of Kalan'gi (Hamer-Bena).
Describe the physiology of black mulberry.
Describe the physiology of murier noir.
Describe the physiology of gelso.
Describe the physiology of maulbeerbaum.
Describe the physiology of amoreira preta.
Describe the physiology of mora negra.
Describe the physiology of velvet bean.
Describe the physiology of banana stock pea.
Describe the physiology of ojo de venado.
Describe the physiology of mucuna negra.
Describe the physiology of poroto aterciopelado (Arg.).
Describe the physiology of frijol terciopelo (Mex.).
Describe the physiology of haba de terciopelo (P.R.).
Describe the physiology of pois a gratter.
Describe the physiology of haricot veloute.
Describe the physiology of pois mascate.
Describe the physiology of dolique de Floride.
Describe the physiology of alkusi.
Describe the physiology of makhmali sem.
Describe the physiology of kavach.
Describe the physiology of kaunch.
Describe the physiology of alkushi.
Describe the physiology of atmagupta.
Describe the physiology of dulagondi.
Describe the physiology of punaikkali.
Describe the physiology of nasugunni.
Describe the physiology of cigu.
Describe the physiology of kaocho.
Describe the physiology of taingilotra.
Describe the physiology of stizolobia.
Describe the physiology of fluweelboontjie.
Describe the physiology of Egyptian lotus.
Describe the physiology of Egyptian bean.
Describe the physiology of sacred lotus.
Describe the physiology of lotus.
Describe the physiology of sacred bean.
Describe the physiology of water bean.
Describe the physiology of Indian lotus.
Describe the physiology of Hindu lotus.
Describe the physiology of Chinese arrowroot.
Describe the physiology of East Indian lotus.
Describe the physiology of nelumbo.
Describe the physiology of nelumbo rosa.
Describe the physiology of loto indico.
Describe the physiology of pulasan.
Describe the physiology of Water dropwort.
Describe the physiology of Chinese celery.
Describe the physiology of piopo.
Describe the physiology of pampoong.
Describe the physiology of funcho da China.
Describe the physiology of oca.
Describe the physiology of sorrel.
Describe the physiology of oxalis.
Describe the physiology of truffette acide.
Describe the physiology of knollen sauerklee.
Describe the physiology of oqa.
Describe the physiology of okka.
Describe the physiology of okta (Quechua).
Describe the physiology of apiha.
Describe the physiology of apilla.
Describe the physiology of kawi (Aymara).
Describe the physiology of ibia (Colombia).
Describe the physiology of ruba.
Describe the physiology of timbo.
Describe the physiology of quiba (Venezuela).
Describe the physiology of papa roja.
Describe the physiology of papa colorada (Mexico).
Describe the physiology of huisisai.
Describe the physiology of ibias (South America).
Describe the physiology of kao.
Describe the physiology of yam (NZ).
Describe the physiology of Nonda plums.
Describe the physiology of Engam.
Describe the physiology of sweet granadilla.
Describe the physiology of yellow passionfruit.
Describe the physiology of sweet passion fruit.
Describe the physiology of grenadille douce.
Describe the physiology of granadilla.
Describe the physiology of granadilla de China.
Describe the physiology of granadita.
Describe the physiology of parchita amarilla.
Describe the physiology of parcha dulce.
Describe the physiology of granadilla común.
Describe the physiology of granaditta.
Describe the physiology of Pistachio nut.
Describe the physiology of green almond.
Describe the physiology of pistache.
Describe the physiology of pistachier.
Describe the physiology of pistachio.
Describe the physiology of pistacio.
Describe the physiology of alfostico.
Describe the physiology of alfostigueiro.
Describe the physiology of Canistel.
Describe the physiology of Egg fruit tree.
Describe the physiology of almond.
Describe the physiology of sweet almond.
Describe the physiology of amandier.
Describe the physiology of amendoeira.
Describe the physiology of almendro.
Describe the physiology of apricot.
Describe the physiology of albicocca.
Describe the physiology of Aprikose.
Describe the physiology of abricot.
Describe the physiology of alperceiro.
Describe the physiology of damasqueiro.
Describe the physiology of akamba (Bena).
Describe the physiology of agamita (Konsogna).
Describe the physiology of agam (Amargna).
Describe the physiology of agamssa (Oromiffa).
Describe the physiology of adishawel.
Describe the physiology of olamuriaki.
Describe the physiology of large num-num.
Describe the physiology of big num-num.
Describe the physiology of Natal plum.
Describe the physiology of grootnoemnoem.
Describe the physiology of Amatungulu.
Describe the physiology of sureau.
Describe the physiology of Holunder.
Describe the physiology of schwarzer Holunder.
Describe the physiology of hyldebær.
Describe the physiology of sambuco.
Describe the physiology of sabugueiro da Europa.
Describe the physiology of rosa do bem fazer.
Describe the physiology of Sambuci flos.
Describe the physiology of Sambuci herba.
Describe the physiology of Sambuci fructus.
Describe the physiology of potherb fameflower.
Describe the physiology of waterleaf.
Describe the physiology of Surinam purslane.
Describe the physiology of Ceylon spinach.
Describe the physiology of sweetheart.
Describe the physiology of grassé.
Describe the physiology of poslen.
Describe the physiology of krokot belanda.
Describe the physiology of talina de Java.
Describe the physiology of espinafre de Ceilao.
Describe the physiology of kumu manus.
Describe the physiology of talilong.
Describe the physiology of galaghati.
Describe the physiology of biala.
Describe the physiology of som-kaoli.
Describe the physiology of som-khon.
Describe the physiology of som-chin.
Describe the physiology of thoornhaan saam.
Describe the physiology of cariru.
Describe the physiology of lagos bologi.
Describe the physiology of salsify.
Describe the physiology of oyster plant.
Describe the physiology of vegetable oyster.
Describe the physiology of purple goat's-beard.
Describe the physiology of cercefi roxo.
Describe the physiology of barba de bode.
Describe the physiology of mashua.
Describe the physiology of anu.
Describe the physiology of mashwa.
Describe the physiology of mashua (Peru.
Describe the physiology of Ecuador).
Describe the physiology of isano (Peru.
Describe the physiology of Bolivia).
Describe the physiology of maswallo.
Describe the physiology of mazuko.
Describe the physiology of mascho.
Describe the physiology of anyu (Peru).
Describe the physiology of cubio.
Describe the physiology of navies.
Describe the physiology of nave (Colombia).
Describe the physiology of afiu.
Describe the physiology of apifiu.
Describe the physiology of apifia mama.
Describe the physiology of yanaoca (Quechua).
Describe the physiology of isau.
Describe the physiology of issanu.
Describe the physiology of kkayacha (Aymara).
Describe the physiology of puel (southern Colombia).
Describe the physiology of isafio.
Describe the physiology of isanu.
Describe the physiology of apilla (Bolivia).
Describe the physiology of ysafio (South America).
Describe the physiology of yellow plum.
Describe the physiology of sour plum.
Describe the physiology of tallow wood.
Describe the physiology of wild lime.
Describe the physiology of wild olive.
Describe the physiology of wild plum.
Describe the physiology of mpingi.
Describe the physiology of mtundakula.
Describe the physiology of inkoy.
Describe the physiology of huda (Galinya).
Describe the physiology of maleta.
Describe the physiology of mellau.
Describe the physiology of aure-mudube.
Describe the physiology of mandraut.
Describe the physiology of mondruk.
Describe the physiology of morod.
Describe the physiology of amirgudud.
Describe the physiology of enkoy.
Describe the physiology of oda (Galinya.
Describe the physiology of Kaffa).
Describe the physiology of hastee (Gamo).
Describe the physiology of bolahanica (Gamo).
Describe the physiology of kutata (Konsogna).
Describe the physiology of mulahua (Wolayetgna).
Describe the physiology of kus (Hamer-Bena).
Describe the physiology of Albaria.
Describe the physiology of Alabaricoque.
Describe the physiology of Albarillo.
Describe the physiology of Cagalero.
Describe the physiology of Caimito de monte.
Describe the physiology of Chocomico.
Describe the physiology of Espino de brujo.
Describe the physiology of Guayabo del diablo.
Describe the physiology of Jocomico.
Describe the physiology of Limoncillo.
Describe the physiology of Manzana guayaba.
Describe the physiology of Manzanillo.
Describe the physiology of Membrillo de monte.
Describe the physiology of Pata.
Describe the physiology of Pepenance.
Describe the physiology of Tigrito.
Describe the physiology of Tocote de monte.
Describe the physiology of Yana.
Describe the physiology of Ameixa.
Describe the physiology of Ameixeria do campo.
Describe the physiology of Espinha de maicha.
Describe the physiology of Buol.
Describe the physiology of False santalwood.
Describe the physiology of Hog plum.
Describe the physiology of Mountain plum.
Describe the physiology of Seaside plum.
Describe the physiology of Spanish plum.
Describe the physiology of Tallowwood plum.
Describe the physiology of Yellow sanders.
Describe the physiology of Tallow nut.
Describe the physiology of Monkey plum.
Describe the physiology of Citron de la mer.
Describe the physiology of citronnier de la mer.
Describe the physiology of Heymassoliépineux.
Describe the physiology of Macaby.
Describe the physiology of Prune-épine.
Describe the physiology of Prunier de mer.
Describe the physiology of Prunier canaque.
Describe the physiology of rhubarb.
Describe the physiology of Rabarber.
Describe the physiology of atemoya.
Describe the physiology of custard apple.
Describe the physiology of football fruit.
Describe the physiology of pangi.
Describe the physiology of sis.
Describe the physiology of Kepayang.
Describe the physiology of Silver beet.
Describe the physiology of smooth loofah.
Describe the physiology of loofa (Micronesia).
Describe the physiology of sel lap (Pohnpei/Micronesia).
Describe the physiology of patola.
Describe the physiology of vegetable sponge.
Describe the physiology of edible luffa.
Describe the physiology of sponge gourd.
Describe the physiology of chickpea.
Describe the physiology of Bengal gram.
Describe the physiology of pois chiche.
Describe the physiology of cafe francais.
Describe the physiology of gravancos.
Describe the physiology of sigro.
Describe the physiology of hanaz.
Describe the physiology of djelbane.
Describe the physiology of banana.
Describe the physiology of bananier.
Describe the physiology of pisang.
Describe the physiology of saging.
Describe the physiology of nget pyo thee.
Describe the physiology of cheek ham' vaa.
Describe the physiology of kwhyz.
Describe the physiology of kluai.
Describe the physiology of chuoi.
Describe the physiology of muz.
Describe the physiology of giant taro.
Describe the physiology of paragum.
Describe the physiology of cunjevoi.
Describe the physiology of cunjevoi lily.
Describe the physiology of mottled giant alocasia.
Describe the physiology of baru.
Describe the physiology of ta'amu (Samoa).
Describe the physiology of ape (Cook I.
Describe the physiology of French Polynesia).
Describe the physiology of babai (Kiribati).
Describe the physiology of kape (Niue.
Describe the physiology of Tonga).
Describe the physiology of pulaka (Tuvalu).
Describe the physiology of via mila.
Describe the physiology of via sori.
Describe the physiology of viagaga.
Describe the physiology of viadranu.
Describe the physiology of viadidi.
Describe the physiology of alocasia gigante.
Describe the physiology of orange mangrove.
Describe the physiology of mapeki.
Describe the physiology of pertut.
Describe the physiology of taheup.
Describe the physiology of tenggel.
Describe the physiology of putut.
Describe the physiology of tumu.
Describe the physiology of tomo.
Describe the physiology of kandeka.
Describe the physiology of tanjang.
Describe the physiology of lindur.
Describe the physiology of sala-sala.
Describe the physiology of dau.
Describe the physiology of tongke.
Describe the physiology of mangrove.
Describe the physiology of mangrove.
Describe the physiology of quinoa.
Describe the physiology of quinua.
Describe the physiology of kiuna.
Describe the physiology of jiura.
Describe the physiology of quinhua.
Describe the physiology of suba.
Describe the physiology of safflower.
Describe the physiology of cartamo.
Describe the physiology of alazor.
Describe the physiology of carthame.
Describe the physiology of honghua.
Describe the physiology of osfor.
Describe the physiology of podsolnuh.
Describe the physiology of kusum.
Describe the physiology of kusumba.
Describe the physiology of kusumbha.
Describe the physiology of suff.
Describe the physiology of aspir.
Describe the physiology of golbar aftab.
Describe the physiology of muswar.
Describe the physiology of benibana.
Describe the physiology of cartama.
Describe the physiology of Saflor.
Describe the physiology of Carthami flos.
Describe the physiology of Carthami semen.
Describe the physiology of Oleum carthami.
Describe the physiology of false saffron.
Describe the physiology of bastard saffron.
Describe the physiology of American saffron.
Describe the physiology of dyer's thistle.
Describe the physiology of dyer's saffron.
Describe the physiology of saffron thistle.
Describe the physiology of hong hua.
Describe the physiology of tepary bean.
Describe the physiology of bean - tepary.
Describe the physiology of moth bean.
Describe the physiology of mat bean.
Describe the physiology of Turkish gram.
Describe the physiology of haricot papillon.
Describe the physiology of moot.
Describe the physiology of aconite leaved bean.
Describe the physiology of dew bean.
Describe the physiology of gram.
Describe the physiology of kidney bean.
Describe the physiology of Kumkumapesalu.
Describe the physiology of math.
Describe the physiology of matki.
Describe the physiology of phillipesara.
Describe the physiology of tulkayrai.
Describe the physiology of meth-kalai.
Describe the physiology of minimulu.
Describe the physiology of kallupayaru.
Describe the physiology of naripayaru.
Describe the physiology of pani payeru.
Describe the physiology of kheri.
Describe the physiology of matpe.
Describe the physiology of mittikelu.
Describe the physiology of melon shrub.
Describe the physiology of sweet cucumber.
Describe the physiology of pear melon.
Describe the physiology of pepino.
Describe the physiology of melon-poire.
Describe the physiology of poire-melo.
Describe the physiology of cahum.
Describe the physiology of pepino dulce.
Describe the physiology of mataserrano.
Describe the physiology of peramelon.
Describe the physiology of xachum.
Describe the physiology of kachuma.
Describe the physiology of Mulga.
Describe the physiology of Yarran.
Describe the physiology of Umbrella mulga.
Describe the physiology of Turpentine Mulga.
Describe the physiology of Witchety bush.
Describe the physiology of Cork bark wattle.
Describe the physiology of Dogwood.
Describe the physiology of Wirewood.
Describe the physiology of Desert Oak.
Describe the physiology of Wiry wattle.
Describe the physiology of Hall’s Creek wattle.
Describe the physiology of Kuteera-Gum.
Describe the physiology of Kikar.
Describe the physiology of gum arabic.
Describe the physiology of gum acacia.
Describe the physiology of kumut.
Describe the physiology of Sudan gum arabic.
Describe the physiology of three-thorned acacia.
Describe the physiology of Turkey gum.
Describe the physiology of cape gum.
Describe the physiology of acacia du senegal.
Describe the physiology of gommier.
Describe the physiology of Arabicumbaum.
Describe the physiology of Gummibaum.
Describe the physiology of alloba.
Describe the physiology of asharat.
Describe the physiology of hashab.
Describe the physiology of debehi.
Describe the physiology of dakwara.
Describe the physiology of kikwata.
Describe the physiology of goma arábica.
Describe the physiology of umKhala.
Describe the physiology of River cooba.
Describe the physiology of Eumong.
Describe the physiology of Native Willow.
Describe the physiology of Bramble wattle.
Describe the physiology of Gundabluey.
Describe the physiology of Elegant wattle.
Describe the physiology of pineapple guava.
Describe the physiology of feijoo.
Describe the physiology of féijoa.
Describe the physiology of guayaba.
Describe the physiology of guayabo del país.
Describe the physiology of guayaba chilena.
Describe the physiology of guayaba del país.
Describe the physiology of guayaba sumina.
Describe the physiology of goiaba-feijoa.
Describe the physiology of goiaba serrana.
Describe the physiology of goiabeira serrana.
Describe the physiology of araçá do Rio Grande.
Describe the physiology of goiaba do campo.
Describe the physiology of goiaba silvestre.
Describe the physiology of Brasilianische guave.
Describe the physiology of macauba palm.
Describe the physiology of macauba.
Describe the physiology of macaw palm.
Describe the physiology of macaya oil.
Describe the physiology of groo groo.
Describe the physiology of grugru palm.
Describe the physiology of corosse.
Describe the physiology of mbocayá.
Describe the physiology of totaí.
Describe the physiology of cobrush.
Describe the physiology of tamaco.
Describe the physiology of coyol.
Describe the physiology of coco baboso.
Describe the physiology of coco de catarro.
Describe the physiology of coquito.
Describe the physiology of bocaiuva.
Describe the physiology of mocayá.
Describe the physiology of corozo.
Describe the physiology of catey.
Describe the physiology of cayara.
Describe the physiology of cayiete.
Describe the physiology of ocori.
Describe the physiology of palma de vino.
Describe the physiology of gru-gru.
Describe the physiology of mucajá.
Describe the physiology of grou grou.
Describe the physiology of total.
Describe the physiology of palma de vino.
Describe the physiology of mocaya.
Describe the physiology of cayiete.
Describe the physiology of ocori.
Describe the physiology of gru gru.
Describe the physiology of grau.
Describe the physiology of mukalla.
Describe the physiology of uba.
Describe the physiology of mujuca.
Describe the physiology of noz de Paraguai.
Describe the physiology of hardy kiwi.
Describe the physiology of bower vine.
Describe the physiology of dessert kiwi.
Describe the physiology of cocktail kiwi.
Describe the physiology of tara vine.
Describe the physiology of yang-tao.
Describe the physiology of African baobab.
Describe the physiology of baobab.
Describe the physiology of dead-rat tree.
Describe the physiology of bottle tree.
Describe the physiology of monkey-bread tree.
Describe the physiology of kremetart.
Describe the physiology of mowana.
Describe the physiology of moana.
Describe the physiology of toeega.
Describe the physiology of Affenbrotbaum.
Describe the physiology of seboi.
Describe the physiology of ximuwu.
Describe the physiology of muvhuyu.
Describe the physiology of baobab.
Describe the physiology of monkey bread tree.
Describe the physiology of fony.
Describe the physiology of bael.
Describe the physiology of bel fruit.
Describe the physiology of bel tree.
Describe the physiology of bel Indien.
Describe the physiology of maja.
Describe the physiology of maja batu.
Describe the physiology of bilak.
Describe the physiology of bila.
Describe the physiology of opesheet.
Describe the physiology of okshit.
Describe the physiology of bnau.
Describe the physiology of toum.
Describe the physiology of matum.
Describe the physiology of tum.
Describe the physiology of ma pin.
Describe the physiology of tnái mam.
Describe the physiology of horse-chestnut.
Describe the physiology of horse chestnut.
Describe the physiology of conkers.
Describe the physiology of ippocastano.
Describe the physiology of marron d'Inde.
Describe the physiology of marronnier d'Inde.
Describe the physiology of castanheiro da India.
Describe the physiology of castaña de Indias.
Describe the physiology of Rosskastanie.
Describe the physiology of Roß-Kastanie.
Describe the physiology of Hippocastani semen.
Describe the physiology of Hippocastani cortex.
Describe the physiology of Hippocastani folium.
Describe the physiology of Hippocastani flos.
Describe the physiology of Guinea grains.
Describe the physiology of grains of Paradise.
Describe the physiology of alligator pepper.
Describe the physiology of melagueta pepper.
Describe the physiology of malagueta.
Describe the physiology of semente do Paraiso.
Describe the physiology of mahogany bean.
Describe the physiology of mubapi.
Describe the physiology of chanfuta.
Describe the physiology of chamfuti.
Describe the physiology of pod mahogany.
Describe the physiology of lucky bean tree.
Describe the physiology of afzelia.
Describe the physiology of peulmahonie.
Describe the physiology of iNkehli.
Describe the physiology of umDlavusa.
Describe the physiology of umHlakuva.
Describe the physiology of iNkele.
Describe the physiology of umShamfuthi.
Describe the physiology of mhkholikholi.
Describe the physiology of umKholikholi.
Describe the physiology of mkumbakusi.
Describe the physiology of nxenhe.
Describe the physiology of mutokota.
Describe the physiology of Mbamba-Kofi.
Describe the physiology of couch grass.
Describe the physiology of quark grass.
Describe the physiology of Graminis rhizoma.
Describe the physiology of lady's mantle.
Describe the physiology of garlic mustard.
Describe the physiology of jack by the hedge.
Describe the physiology of onion.
Describe the physiology of cong.
Describe the physiology of rakkyo.
Describe the physiology of perennial Chinese onio.
Describe the physiology of tsyu-tsai.
Describe the physiology of chiao t'ou.
Describe the physiology of alho chines.
Describe the physiology of galangal.
Describe the physiology of Java galangal.
Describe the physiology of kholanjan.
Describe the physiology of katauk karohini.
Describe the physiology of kha.
Describe the physiology of kha luang.
Describe the physiology of kha ta daeng.
Describe the physiology of kha yuak.
Describe the physiology of kalijan.
Describe the physiology of khulanjan.
Describe the physiology of lenguas.
Describe the physiology of hâu khá.
Describe the physiology of rièng.
Describe the physiology of rièng ãm.
Describe the physiology of rièng nép.
Describe the physiology of seh ae khoei.
Describe the physiology of sa-e choei.
Describe the physiology of smooth pigweed.
Describe the physiology of slender amaranth.
Describe the physiology of quintonil (Mex).
Describe the physiology of umfino.
Describe the physiology of gewone misbridie.
Describe the physiology of xian.
Describe the physiology of phak khom.
Describe the physiology of bayam.
Describe the physiology of tete (Nir).
Describe the physiology of urai (Phil).
Describe the physiology of prince's feather.
Describe the physiology of saskatoon.
Describe the physiology of saskatoon serviceberry.
Describe the physiology of juneberry.
Describe the physiology of mountain juneberry.
Describe the physiology of Rocky Mountain blueberry.
Describe the physiology of sgan gam (Gitxsan).
Describe the physiology of hlighag' (Wet'suwet').
Describe the physiology of angelica.
Describe the physiology of garden angelica.
Describe the physiology of archangel.
Describe the physiology of aunt Jericho.
Describe the physiology of plante angelique.
Describe the physiology of Angelikapflanze.
Describe the physiology of European angelica.
Describe the physiology of arcangelica.
Describe the physiology of raiz do Espirito Santo.
Describe the physiology of Angelicae radix.
Describe the physiology of Angelicae folium.
Describe the physiology of Angelicae fructus.
Describe the physiology of Aetheroleum angelicae.
Describe the physiology of wild angelica.
Describe the physiology of woodland angelica.
Describe the physiology of angelica silvestre.
Describe the physiology of angelica brava.
Describe the physiology of mountain soursop.
Describe the physiology of wild soursop.
Describe the physiology of guanábana cimarrona.
Describe the physiology of guanábana.
Describe the physiology of guanábana de monte.
Describe the physiology of guanábana de perro.
Describe the physiology of guanábana de loma.
Describe the physiology of taragus.
Describe the physiology of turagua.
Describe the physiology of araticum.
Describe the physiology of araticum açú.
Describe the physiology of araticum apé.
Describe the physiology of corossolier bâtard.
Describe the physiology of corossol zombie.
Describe the physiology of boszuurzak.
Describe the physiology of araticum-ponhe.
Describe the physiology of araticum de paca.
Describe the physiology of poshte.
Describe the physiology of chirimoya.
Describe the physiology of anona del monte.
Describe the physiology of cawesh.
Describe the physiology of cahuex.
Describe the physiology of wild custard apple.
Describe the physiology of wild soursop.
Describe the physiology of annone.
Describe the physiology of pomme cannelle du senegal.
Describe the physiology of jumbukungo.
Describe the physiology of sinkungo.
Describe the physiology of mchekwa.
Describe the physiology of mkonokono.
Describe the physiology of mtomoko.
Describe the physiology of mutopetope.
Describe the physiology of wilde suikerappel.
Describe the physiology of apios.
Describe the physiology of groundnut.
Describe the physiology of wild bean.
Describe the physiology of bog potato.
Describe the physiology of wild potato.
Describe the physiology of Virginia potato.
Describe the physiology of Indian potato.
Describe the physiology of potato bean.
Describe the physiology of celeriac.
Describe the physiology of turnip rooted celery.
Describe the physiology of knob celery.
Describe the physiology of céleri-rave.
Describe the physiology of knolselder.
Describe the physiology of wurzelsellerie.
Describe the physiology of knollensellerie.
Describe the physiology of knolselderij.
Describe the physiology of bleekselder.
Describe the physiology of maní forrajero.
Describe the physiology of strawberry tree.
Describe the physiology of arbute tree.
Describe the physiology of arbutus.
Describe the physiology of Irish strawberry.
Describe the physiology of apple of Cain.
Describe the physiology of Irish caithne.
Describe the physiology of arbousier.
Describe the physiology of albatro.
Describe the physiology of medronheiro.
Describe the physiology of ervedeiro.
Describe the physiology of medronho.
Describe the physiology of ervodo.
Describe the physiology of arbuto.
Describe the physiology of madrono.
Describe the physiology of suglair.
Describe the physiology of great burdock.
Describe the physiology of burdock.
Describe the physiology of Japanese godo.
Describe the physiology of Bardanae radix.
Describe the physiology of Bardanae folium.
Describe the physiology of sugar palm.
Describe the physiology of black sugar palm.
Describe the physiology of palm de sucre.
Describe the physiology of gemuti palm.
Describe the physiology of argan.
Describe the physiology of arga.
Describe the physiology of argaria.
Describe the physiology of arganier.
Describe the physiology of arjardin.
Describe the physiology of iron wood.
Describe the physiology of Moroccon iron-wood tree.
Describe the physiology of Eisenholzbaum.
Describe the physiology of horseradish.
Describe the physiology of horse radish.
Describe the physiology of red cole.
Describe the physiology of rabano picante.
Describe the physiology of meerrettich.
Describe the physiology of raifort.
Describe the physiology of pepparrot.
Describe the physiology of pepper rod.
Describe the physiology of mierikwortel.
Describe the physiology of rafano.
Describe the physiology of rabano-picante.
Describe the physiology of khren.
Describe the physiology of wasabi.
Describe the physiology of lagen.
Describe the physiology of fujl har.
Describe the physiology of arracacha.
Describe the physiology of white carrot.
Describe the physiology of Peruvian parsnip.
Describe the physiology of paneme.
Describe the physiology of pomme de terre-celeri.
Describe the physiology of racacha.
Describe the physiology of zanhoria blanca.
Describe the physiology of apio criollo.
Describe the physiology of sonarca.
Describe the physiology of batata barao.
Describe the physiology of mandioquinha.
Describe the physiology of batata salsa.
Describe the physiology of batata cenoura.
Describe the physiology of lakachu.
Describe the physiology of lekachu.
Describe the physiology of oqqe.
Describe the physiology of huiasampilla.
Describe the physiology of laqachu.
Describe the physiology of raqacha.
Describe the physiology of virraca.
Describe the physiology of rikacha.
Describe the physiology of breadfruit.
Describe the physiology of arbre à pain.
Describe the physiology of fruit a pain.
Describe the physiology of chataignier.
Describe the physiology of fruta de pan.
Describe the physiology of arbor de pan.
Describe the physiology of arbor del pan.
Describe the physiology of pan de pobre.
Describe the physiology of pan de ano.
Describe the physiology of pan de todo el ano.
Describe the physiology of pan de palo.
Describe the physiology of pan de name.
Describe the physiology of topan.
Describe the physiology of tupan.
Describe the physiology of mazapan.
Describe the physiology of castana.
Describe the physiology of marure.
Describe the physiology of castano de Malabar.
Describe the physiology of panapen.
Describe the physiology of pana de pepitas.
Describe the physiology of sukun.
Describe the physiology of kelur.
Describe the physiology of timbul.
Describe the physiology of fruta pao.
Describe the physiology of pao de massa.
Describe the physiology of broodvrucht.
Describe the physiology of broodboom.
Describe the physiology of suku.
Describe the physiology of kulur.
Describe the physiology of kelor.
Describe the physiology of kulor.
Describe the physiology of sa-ke.
Describe the physiology of ulu.
Describe the physiology of kula.
Describe the physiology of uto.
Describe the physiology of uto-sore.
Describe the physiology of kapiak.
Describe the physiology of rimas.
Describe the physiology of kamansi.
Describe the physiology of sakéé.
Describe the physiology of khnaôr sâmloo.
Describe the physiology of khanun-sampalor.
Describe the physiology of sakê.
Describe the physiology of chempedak.
Describe the physiology of campedak.
Describe the physiology of jak.
Describe the physiology of baroh.
Describe the physiology of bankong.
Describe the physiology of sonekadat.
Describe the physiology of champada.
Describe the physiology of adquiere.
Describe the physiology of awarra.
Describe the physiology of fiber palm.
Describe the physiology of tucum.
Describe the physiology of tucuma.
Describe the physiology of hericungo.
Describe the physiology of cumare.
Describe the physiology of güere.
Describe the physiology of acuarra.
Describe the physiology of chambira.
Describe the physiology of cumari.
Describe the physiology of tucumai.
Describe the physiology of tucum bravo.
Describe the physiology of tucumã do Pará.
Describe the physiology of palmier tucuman.
Describe the physiology of aouara.
Describe the physiology of cohune palm.
Describe the physiology of rain tree.
Describe the physiology of American oil palm.
Describe the physiology of cohune.
Describe the physiology of corozo.
Describe the physiology of manaca.
Describe the physiology of Algerian oat.
Describe the physiology of red oat.
Describe the physiology of Mediterranean oat.
Describe the physiology of avena amarilla.
Describe the physiology of mangrove.
Describe the physiology of mangrove.
Describe the physiology of grey mangrove.
Describe the physiology of snotappel.
Describe the physiology of African chewing gum.
Describe the physiology of snot apple.
Describe the physiology of rambai.
Describe the physiology of menteng.
Describe the physiology of lutqua.
Describe the physiology of desert date.
Describe the physiology of bito tree.
Describe the physiology of heglig.
Describe the physiology of balanita.
Describe the physiology of lolab tree.
Describe the physiology of loba.
Describe the physiology of shashoba.
Describe the physiology of tau.
Describe the physiology of saronga.
Describe the physiology of q-og-g-ogat.
Describe the physiology of hankalta (Konsogna).
Describe the physiology of baddanno (Oromiffaa).
Describe the physiology of badana (Amargna).
Describe the physiology of guasa (Amargna).
Describe the physiology of kullan.
Describe the physiology of archnu (Lybia).
Describe the physiology of merwa tree.
Describe the physiology of thorny bamboo.
Describe the physiology of spiny bamboo.
Describe the physiology of male bamboo.
Describe the physiology of bambu' estreito.
Describe the physiology of bamboo.
Describe the physiology of spiny bamboo.
Describe the physiology of thorny bamboo.
Describe the physiology of slough grass.
Describe the physiology of American slough grass.
Describe the physiology of American sloughgrass.
Describe the physiology of daisy.
Describe the physiology of English daisy.
Describe the physiology of true daisy.
Describe the physiology of lawn daisy.
Describe the physiology of gowan.
Describe the physiology of marguerite.
Describe the physiology of gänseblümchen.
Describe the physiology of bellis.
Describe the physiology of pytter.
Describe the physiology of tusenfryd.
Describe the physiology of tusindfryd.
Describe the physiology of kaunokainen.
Describe the physiology of bonina.
Describe the physiology of malmequer.
Describe the physiology of margarida dos prados.
Describe the physiology of margarida rasteira.
Describe the physiology of margaridinha.
Describe the physiology of bela margarida.
Describe the physiology of mae de familia.
Describe the physiology of margarita.
Describe the physiology of barberry.
Describe the physiology of European barberry.
Describe the physiology of common barberry.
Describe the physiology of jaundice berry.
Describe the physiology of piprage.
Describe the physiology of uva-espim.
Describe the physiology of berberis.
Describe the physiology of surtorn.
Describe the physiology of vanlig berberis.
Describe the physiology of berberiss.
Describe the physiology of almindelig berberis.
Describe the physiology of ruostehappomarja.
Describe the physiology of gewöhnliche Berberitze.
Describe the physiology of Berberidis fructus.
Describe the physiology of Brazil nut.
Describe the physiology of para nut.
Describe the physiology of noyer du Brésil.
Describe the physiology of la noix du Brésil.
Describe the physiology of el coquito del Brasil.
Describe the physiology of castanha do Para.
Describe the physiology of castanha do Brasil.
Describe the physiology of castanheiro do para.
Describe the physiology of die paranüsse.
Describe the physiology of la noce del Brasile.
Describe the physiology of white birch.
Describe the physiology of bouleau.
Describe the physiology of betulla.
Describe the physiology of abedul.
Describe the physiology of silver birch.
Describe the physiology of warty birch.
Describe the physiology of weeping birch.
Describe the physiology of Irish beith.
Describe the physiology of beith.
Describe the physiology of European white birch.
Describe the physiology of European silver birch.
Describe the physiology of Birke.
Describe the physiology of Hängebirke.
Describe the physiology of Harzbirke.
Describe the physiology of Rauhbirke.
Describe the physiology of Sandbirke.
Describe the physiology of Weissbirke.
Describe the physiology of betula.
Describe the physiology of betula branca.
Describe the physiology of vidoeiro.
Describe the physiology of vidoeiro branco.
Describe the physiology of Folia Betulae.
Describe the physiology of Cortex Betulae.
Describe the physiology of Betulae Cortex.
Describe the physiology of downy birch.
Describe the physiology of Irish beith.
Describe the physiology of brown birch.
Describe the physiology of bedulo.
Describe the physiology of Cortex Betulae.
Describe the physiology of borage.
Describe the physiology of borag.
Describe the physiology of stofférblomma.
Describe the physiology of agurkurt.
Describe the physiology of hjulkrone.
Describe the physiology of purasruoho.
Describe the physiology of borretsch.
Describe the physiology of Boraginis semen.
Describe the physiology of Boraginis herba.
Describe the physiology of Oleum Boraginis.
Describe the physiology of palmyra palm.
Describe the physiology of toddy palm.
Describe the physiology of African fan palm.
Describe the physiology of palmira.
Describe the physiology of tal.
Describe the physiology of tar.
Describe the physiology of tad.
Describe the physiology of tamar.
Describe the physiology of tadi.
Describe the physiology of panam.
Describe the physiology of panai.
Describe the physiology of tan.
Describe the physiology of Borojó.
Describe the physiology of browntop millet.
Describe the physiology of Abyssinian mustard.
Describe the physiology of Ethiopian mustard.
Describe the physiology of gomenzer.
Describe the physiology of Sukuma wiki (Kiswahili).
Describe the physiology of Figiri (East Africa).
Describe the physiology of Loshuu (Tanzania).
Describe the physiology of Abyssinian cabbage (former USSR).
Describe the physiology of Tamu-Texsel (Texas).
Describe the physiology of Ethiopian rapeseed (Europe.
Describe the physiology of trade mark name).
Describe the physiology of swede.
Describe the physiology of rutubaga.
Describe the physiology of thousand head kale.
Describe the physiology of thousand-head kale.
Describe the physiology of marrowstem kale.
Describe the physiology of marrow-stem kale.
Describe the physiology of smooth kale.
Describe the physiology of curly kale.
Describe the physiology of tree kale.
Describe the physiology of ornamental cabbage.
Describe the physiology of fringed cabbage.
Describe the physiology of kale.
Describe the physiology of chou moulier.
Describe the physiology of Sukuma wiki.
Describe the physiology of spumaweki.
Describe the physiology of Pak Choi.
Describe the physiology of mitserie.
Describe the physiology of bridelia.
Describe the physiology of ogaofia.
Describe the physiology of mkarati.
Describe the physiology of mtutu.
Describe the physiology of mwiza.
Describe the physiology of asha.
Describe the physiology of ida odan.
Describe the physiology of flowering rush.
Describe the physiology of grassy rush.
Describe the physiology of water gladiolus.
Describe the physiology of junco florido.
Describe the physiology of butomo.
Describe the physiology of brudelys.
Describe the physiology of sarjarimpi.
Describe the physiology of schwanenblume.
Describe the physiology of box.
Describe the physiology of boxwood.
Describe the physiology of American box.
Describe the physiology of English boxwood.
Describe the physiology of Turkish boxwood.
Describe the physiology of buis.
Describe the physiology of bosso.
Describe the physiology of buxo.
Describe the physiology of buxo vulgar.
Describe the physiology of boj.
Describe the physiology of Guinea arrowroot.
Describe the physiology of sweet corn root.
Describe the physiology of touple nambours.
Describe the physiology of alléluia.
Describe the physiology of curcuma d'Amérique.
Describe the physiology of dale dale.
Describe the physiology of agua bendita.
Describe the physiology of cocurito.
Describe the physiology of lerenes.
Describe the physiology of topitambo.
Describe the physiology of tambu.
Describe the physiology of topinambur.
Describe the physiology of topeetampo.
Describe the physiology of topi-tamboo.
Describe the physiology of topinambour.
Describe the physiology of ariá.
Describe the physiology of láirem.
Describe the physiology of marsh marigold.
Describe the physiology of king cup.
Describe the physiology of kabbeleka.
Describe the physiology of kalvleka.
Describe the physiology of vanlig kabbleka.
Describe the physiology of soleihov.
Describe the physiology of eng-kabbeleje.
Describe the physiology of rentukka.
Describe the physiology of hófsóley.
Describe the physiology of sumpfdotterblume.
Describe the physiology of pilinut.
Describe the physiology of pili.
Describe the physiology of Injet (Amargna).
Describe the physiology of Maluza (Amargna).
Describe the physiology of Yomonoxe (Amargna).
Describe the physiology of caper.
Describe the physiology of caper bush.
Describe the physiology of caper berry.
Describe the physiology of câpres.
Describe the physiology of fabagelle.
Describe the physiology of tapana.
Describe the physiology of câprier commun.
Describe the physiology of câprier épineux.
Describe the physiology of câprier.
Describe the physiology of alcaparra.
Describe the physiology of caparra.
Describe the physiology of alcaparrón.
Describe the physiology of akbaar.
Describe the physiology of kabbar.
Describe the physiology of achalfah.
Describe the physiology of assaf.
Describe the physiology of asef.
Describe the physiology of ward al jabal.
Describe the physiology of shafallah.
Describe the physiology of lasaf.
Describe the physiology of terloulout.
Describe the physiology of taybult.
Describe the physiology of amserlih.
Describe the physiology of tsailih.
Describe the physiology of tsailaoul.
Describe the physiology of ouai lonlou.
Describe the physiology of belachem.
Describe the physiology of lussef.
Describe the physiology of alcaparras.
Describe the physiology of cappero.
Describe the physiology of cappero dei muri.
Describe the physiology of cappero spinoso.
Describe the physiology of capperone.
Describe the physiology of Kapernstrauch.
Describe the physiology of Kaper.
Describe the physiology of echter Kapernstrauch.
Describe the physiology of kappara.
Describe the physiology of kappers.
Describe the physiology of kappertjes.
Describe the physiology of kapricserje.
Describe the physiology of kaporna.
Describe the physiology of kapribogyó.
Describe the physiology of kebere.
Describe the physiology of keber fidani.
Describe the physiology of gebere.
Describe the physiology of gebre otu.
Describe the physiology of kapari.
Describe the physiology of kapris.
Describe the physiology of káppari.
Describe the physiology of kapers.
Describe the physiology of kapersy.
Describe the physiology of torkav.
Describe the physiology of kappar.
Describe the physiology of kaporo.
Describe the physiology of tzalaf.
Describe the physiology of kiari.
Describe the physiology of kobra.
Describe the physiology of kabra.
Describe the physiology of mullukattari.
Describe the physiology of melada.
Describe the physiology of kabarra.
Describe the physiology of himsra.
Describe the physiology of kokilakshmu.
Describe the physiology of kabar.
Describe the physiology of mruko.
Describe the physiology of mchezo.
Describe the physiology of gomor.
Describe the physiology of gemaro.
Describe the physiology of andal.
Describe the physiology of wollerige kapperbos.
Describe the physiology of woolly caper-bush.
Describe the physiology of khawa.
Describe the physiology of mountain papaw.
Describe the physiology of mountain papaya.
Describe the physiology of papayuela.
Describe the physiology of chilhuacán.
Describe the physiology of chiglacón.
Describe the physiology of chamburu.
Describe the physiology of huanarpu.
Describe the physiology of hembra.
Describe the physiology of papaya de monte.
Describe the physiology of papaya arequipeña.
Describe the physiology of papaya de altura.
Describe the physiology of gedang memedi.
Describe the physiology of huanarpu hembra.
Describe the physiology of papata de monte.
Describe the physiology of malva moscada.
Describe the physiology of malva moscata.
Describe the physiology of sapodilla.
Describe the physiology of sapodilla plum.
Describe the physiology of chicozapote.
Describe the physiology of chiku.
Describe the physiology of naseberry.
Describe the physiology of umThungulu.
Describe the physiology of caraway.
Describe the physiology of caraway seed.
Describe the physiology of cumin.
Describe the physiology of carvi.
Describe the physiology of Kümmel.
Describe the physiology of alcaravea.
Describe the physiology of kummin.
Describe the physiology of karauya.
Describe the physiology of karwij.
Describe the physiology of alcaravia.
Describe the physiology of tmin.
Describe the physiology of yuan-sui.
Describe the physiology of karve.
Describe the physiology of kommen.
Describe the physiology of kumina.
Describe the physiology of kúmen.
Describe the physiology of Wiesenkümmel.
Describe the physiology of Carvi fructus.
Describe the physiology of Aetheroleum carvi.
Describe the physiology of barinas nut.
Describe the physiology of inchi.
Describe the physiology of Japanese chestnut.
Describe the physiology of chataignier du Japon.
Describe the physiology of castanheiro do Japao.
Describe the physiology of American chestnut.
Describe the physiology of prickly bur.
Describe the physiology of chataignier de l'Amerique.
Describe the physiology of castanheiro da America.
Describe the physiology of Chinese chestnut.
Describe the physiology of chataignier de Chine.
Describe the physiology of castanheiro da China.
Describe the physiology of chinquapin.
Describe the physiology of dwarf chestnut.
Describe the physiology of Alleghany chestnut.
Describe the physiology of castanheiro anao.
Describe the physiology of bachelor's-button.
Describe the physiology of garden cornflower.
Describe the physiology of blue bottle.
Describe the physiology of bottle flower.
Describe the physiology of cyani flower.
Describe the physiology of cornflower.
Describe the physiology of ragged sailor.
Describe the physiology of fiordaliso.
Describe the physiology of bleuet.
Describe the physiology of bluet.
Describe the physiology of barbeau.
Describe the physiology of kornblume.
Describe the physiology of kornblom.
Describe the physiology of kornblomst.
Describe the physiology of ruiskaunokki.
Describe the physiology of akurpr‡›i.
Describe the physiology of loios.
Describe the physiology of loios dos jardins.
Describe the physiology of escovinha.
Describe the physiology of erva escovinha.
Describe the physiology of fidalguinhos.
Describe the physiology of aciano.
Describe the physiology of blåklint.
Describe the physiology of ipecac.
Describe the physiology of carob tree.
Describe the physiology of carob bean tree.
Describe the physiology of carrubo.
Describe the physiology of Johannisbrotbaum.
Describe the physiology of Johannesbrotwachs.
Describe the physiology of carrubio.
Describe the physiology of algarrobo.
Describe the physiology of alfarrobeira.
Describe the physiology of Johannesbroodboom.
Describe the physiology of mangrove.
Describe the physiology of pacaya palm.
Describe the physiology of tepejilote palm.
Describe the physiology of palmito dulce.
Describe the physiology of pacaya.
Describe the physiology of caña verde.
Describe the physiology of goosefoot.
Describe the physiology of misbredie.
Describe the physiology of withondebossie.
Describe the physiology of goosefoot.
Describe the physiology of good King Henry.
Describe the physiology of lungrot.
Describe the physiology of lungmålla.
Describe the physiology of stolt Henrik.
Describe the physiology of stolthenriks-gåsefod.
Describe the physiology of hyvänheikinsavikka.
Describe the physiology of guter Heinrich.
Describe the physiology of canihua.
Describe the physiology of qaniwa.
Describe the physiology of canahua.
Describe the physiology of amole.
Describe the physiology of soap plant.
Describe the physiology of soap bulb.
Describe the physiology of soap apple.
Describe the physiology of California soap root.
Describe the physiology of ox eye daisy.
Describe the physiology of marguerite.
Describe the physiology of prästkrage.
Describe the physiology of kragblomma.
Describe the physiology of vanlig prästkrage.
Describe the physiology of prestekrage.
Describe the physiology of hvid okseøje.
Describe the physiology of päivänkakkara.
Describe the physiology of prestafífill.
Describe the physiology of gewöhnliche wucherblume.
Describe the physiology of Wiesen-Margerite.
Describe the physiology of star apple.
Describe the physiology of mululu.
Describe the physiology of nkalate.
Describe the physiology of calamondin.
Describe the physiology of China orange.
Describe the physiology of golden time.
Describe the physiology of jeruk peres.
Describe the physiology of jeruk kasturi.
Describe the physiology of jeruk potong.
Describe the physiology of limau kesturi.
Describe the physiology of limau chuit.
Describe the physiology of kalamondin.
Describe the physiology of kalamansi.
Describe the physiology of limonsito.
Describe the physiology of sommapit.
Describe the physiology of somchit.
Describe the physiology of manao-wan.
Describe the physiology of colocynth.
Describe the physiology of vine of Sodom.
Describe the physiology of wild-gourd.
Describe the physiology of egusi.
Describe the physiology of bitter cucumber.
Describe the physiology of bitter gourd.
Describe the physiology of bitter apple.
Describe the physiology of wild watermelon.
Describe the physiology of colocinto.
Describe the physiology of coloquintida.
Describe the physiology of pepino amargo.
Describe the physiology of Koloquint.
Describe the physiology of Tahiti lime.
Describe the physiology of Persian lime.
Describe the physiology of bearss lime.
Describe the physiology of Persische Limette.
Describe the physiology of Tahitilimette.
Describe the physiology of lima da Persia.
Describe the physiology of calamondin.
Describe the physiology of calamansi.
Describe the physiology of Panama orange.
Describe the physiology of musk lime.
Describe the physiology of lima moscada.
Describe the physiology of limoeiro do Japao.
Describe the physiology of Satsuma mandarin.
Describe the physiology of wampee.
Describe the physiology of vampi.
Describe the physiology of wampi.
Describe the physiology of wang-pei.
Describe the physiology of huampit.
Describe the physiology of wampoi.
Describe the physiology of kantrop.
Describe the physiology of sômz maf'ai.
Describe the physiology of mafai-chin.
Describe the physiology of sommafai.
Describe the physiology of hoàng bì.
Describe the physiology of giôi.
Describe the physiology of chaya.
Describe the physiology of tree spinach.
Describe the physiology of chaya col.
Describe the physiology of kikilchay.
Describe the physiology of chaykeken.
Describe the physiology of abata kola.
Describe the physiology of evbe.
Describe the physiology of ibong.
Describe the physiology of oji-awusa.
Describe the physiology of obi abata.
Describe the physiology of mopane.
Describe the physiology of bdellium.
Describe the physiology of African myrrh.
Describe the physiology of hairy corkwood.
Describe the physiology of bdelio.
Describe the physiology of angka.
Describe the physiology of gafal.
Describe the physiology of mbambara.
Describe the physiology of mturituri.
Describe the physiology of yeheb nut.
Describe the physiology of ehb.
Describe the physiology of qud.
Describe the physiology of quda.
Describe the physiology of wanza.
Describe the physiology of mecarto.
Describe the physiology of mederto.
Describe the physiology of auchi.
Describe the physiology of wodessa (Galinya).
Describe the physiology of uaddichio.
Describe the physiology of mokota (Wollamo).
Describe the physiology of otayita (Konsogna).
Describe the physiology of wanza (Amhargna).
Describe the physiology of waddessa (Oromiffa).
Describe the physiology of Canadian dwarf cornel.
Describe the physiology of pudding-berry.
Describe the physiology of bunchberry.
Describe the physiology of bunchberry dogwood.
Describe the physiology of dwarf dogwood.
Describe the physiology of Canadian bunchberry.
Describe the physiology of dogwood bunchberry.
Describe the physiology of creeping dogwood.
Describe the physiology of corniso anao do Canada'.
Describe the physiology of cornelian cherry.
Describe the physiology of cornel.
Describe the physiology of corniolo.
Describe the physiology of Kornelkirsche.
Describe the physiology of Dirlitze.
Describe the physiology of African walnut.
Describe the physiology of sea kale.
Describe the physiology of single-seed hawthorn.
Describe the physiology of quickthorn.
Describe the physiology of bread-and-cheese.
Describe the physiology of aubepine.
Describe the physiology of eingriffeliger Weißdorn.
Describe the physiology of biancospino.
Describe the physiology of trubbhagtorn.
Describe the physiology of vanleg hagtorn.
Describe the physiology of engriflet hvidtjørn.
Describe the physiology of espinheiro alvar.
Describe the physiology of pilriteiro.
Describe the physiology of corniolo.
Describe the physiology of escalheiro.
Describe the physiology of tylppäliuskaorapihlaja.
Describe the physiology of Crataegi summitas.
Describe the physiology of Crataegi fructus.
Describe the physiology of rock samphire.
Describe the physiology of mitsuba.
Describe the physiology of Japanese honeworts.
Describe the physiology of Japanese parsley.
Describe the physiology of gherkin.
Describe the physiology of maxixe.
Describe the physiology of fig leaf squash.
Describe the physiology of Malabar gourd.
Describe the physiology of cidre.
Describe the physiology of sidra.
Describe the physiology of lacoyote.
Describe the physiology of cushaw.
Describe the physiology of calabaza.
Describe the physiology of calabaza pinta.
Describe the physiology of fig-leaved gourd.
Describe the physiology of buffalo gourd.
Describe the physiology of calabazilla.
Describe the physiology of Missouri gourd.
Describe the physiology of stinking gourd.
Describe the physiology of fetid gourd.
Describe the physiology of wild gourd.
Describe the physiology of squash.
Describe the physiology of quince.
Describe the physiology of cognassier.
Describe the physiology of coing.
Describe the physiology of quitte.
Describe the physiology of quittebaum.
Describe the physiology of marmeleiro.
Describe the physiology of marmelo.
Describe the physiology of marmelo galego.
Describe the physiology of gamboa.
Describe the physiology of gamboeiro.
Describe the physiology of cidonia.
Describe the physiology of membrillo.
Describe the physiology of membriller.
Describe the physiology of cardoon.
Describe the physiology of artichoke thistle.
Describe the physiology of wild artichoke.
Describe the physiology of desert artichoke.
Describe the physiology of Artischocke.
Describe the physiology of namnam.
Describe the physiology of namu-namu.
Describe the physiology of kopi anjing.
Describe the physiology of puki.
Describe the physiology of puki anjing.
Describe the physiology of amphawa.
Describe the physiology of nang-ai.
Describe the physiology of hima.
Describe the physiology of tiger nut.
Describe the physiology of Zulu nut.
Describe the physiology of galingale.
Describe the physiology of cyperus.
Describe the physiology of English galingale.
Describe the physiology of sweet cyperus.
Describe the physiology of sweet galingale.
Describe the physiology of souchet odorant.
Describe the physiology of hohes Zypergras.
Describe the physiology of langes Zypergras.
Describe the physiology of fladaks.
Describe the physiology of zigolo commune.
Describe the physiology of African plum.
Describe the physiology of bush butter tree.
Describe the physiology of African palm.
Describe the physiology of African pear.
Describe the physiology of native pear.
Describe the physiology of bush butter.
Describe the physiology of bafole.
Describe the physiology of bulungu.
Describe the physiology of safoutier.
Describe the physiology of mubafo.
Describe the physiology of safu.
Describe the physiology of safu de obo'.
Describe the physiology of atangatier.
Describe the physiology of male bamboo.
Describe the physiology of Calcutta bamboo.
Describe the physiology of bambu' macico.
Describe the physiology of black velevet.
Describe the physiology of velvet tamarind.
Describe the physiology of tamarinier noir.
Describe the physiology of kedebe.
Describe the physiology of mako.
Describe the physiology of meko.
Describe the physiology of mekohi.
Describe the physiology of icheku.
Describe the physiology of kosito.
Describe the physiology of solam.
Describe the physiology of solom.
Describe the physiology of awin.
Describe the physiology of burning bush.
Describe the physiology of fonio.
Describe the physiology of white fonio.
Describe the physiology of hungry rice.
Describe the physiology of hungry millet.
Describe the physiology of hungry koos.
Describe the physiology of fundi millet.
Describe the physiology of fonio du Sénégal.
Describe the physiology of petit mil.
Describe the physiology of fini.
Describe the physiology of acha.
Describe the physiology of cereals-fonio.
Describe the physiology of findo.
Describe the physiology of longan.
Describe the physiology of longanie.
Describe the physiology of oeil de dragon.
Describe the physiology of len keng.
Describe the physiology of kyet mouk.
Describe the physiology of mien.
Describe the physiology of lam nhai.
Describe the physiology of nam nhai.
Describe the physiology of lamyai pa.
Describe the physiology of lahm-yai.
Describe the physiology of nam:nhan.
Describe the physiology of green longan.
Describe the physiology of African bitter yam.
Describe the physiology of three-leaved yam.
Describe the physiology of quinim.
Describe the physiology of unquinim.
Describe the physiology of yam.
Describe the physiology of inhame.
Describe the physiology of cush-cush.
Describe the physiology of yampee.
Describe the physiology of Indian yam.
Describe the physiology of cara' mimoso.
Describe the physiology of cara' doce.
Describe the physiology of nambu.
Describe the physiology of African ebony.
Describe the physiology of jackal-berry.
Describe the physiology of West African ebony.
Describe the physiology of abu seleba.
Describe the physiology of gugham.
Describe the physiology of jokhan.
Describe the physiology of jughan.
Describe the physiology of mgiriti.
Describe the physiology of mjoho mpweke.
Describe the physiology of kaki.
Describe the physiology of karsatta (Konsogna).
Describe the physiology of garsa (Afargna).
Describe the physiology of domaye (Gamogna).
Describe the physiology of garas.
Describe the physiology of haras.
Describe the physiology of geresa.
Describe the physiology of Kei apple.
Describe the physiology of Kaiyaba.
Describe the physiology of viper's bugloss.
Describe the physiology of gewöhnlicher natternkopf.
Describe the physiology of blåeld.
Describe the physiology of snokört.
Describe the physiology of ormehuvud.
Describe the physiology of slangehoved.
Describe the physiology of neidonkieli.
Describe the physiology of piennarneidonkieli.
Describe the physiology of nö›rugin.
Describe the physiology of water hyacinth.
Describe the physiology of Nile lily.
Describe the physiology of waterhiasint.
Describe the physiology of finger millet.
Describe the physiology of African millet.
Describe the physiology of koracan.
Describe the physiology of kurakkan.
Describe the physiology of petit mil.
Describe the physiology of eleusine cultivee.
Describe the physiology of coracan.
Describe the physiology of ragi.
Describe the physiology of tailabon.
Describe the physiology of vogel gierst.
Describe the physiology of wimbi.
Describe the physiology of ulezi.
Describe the physiology of bule.
Describe the physiology of Fingerhirse.
Describe the physiology of dagussa.
Describe the physiology of tokuso.
Describe the physiology of tocusso.
Describe the physiology of barankiya.
Describe the physiology of mugimbi.
Describe the physiology of ceyut.
Describe the physiology of koddo.
Describe the physiology of mawere (Malawi).
Describe the physiology of lipoko (Malawi).
Describe the physiology of usanje (Malawi).
Describe the physiology of khakwe (Malawi).
Describe the physiology of mulimbi (Malawi).
Describe the physiology of lupodo (Malawi).
Describe the physiology of malesi (Malawi).
Describe the physiology of mawe (Malawi).
Describe the physiology of mwimbi (Tanzania).
Describe the physiology of mbege (Tanzania).
Describe the physiology of bulo (Uganda).
Describe the physiology of kambale (Zambia).
Describe the physiology of lupoko (Zambia).
Describe the physiology of mawele (Zambia).
Describe the physiology of majolothi (Zambia).
Describe the physiology of amale (Zambia).
Describe the physiology of bule (Zambia).
Describe the physiology of rapoko (Zimbabwe).
Describe the physiology of zviyo (Zimbabwe).
Describe the physiology of njera (Zimbabwe).
Describe the physiology of rukweza (Zimbabwe).
Describe the physiology of mazhovole (Zimbabwe).
Describe the physiology of uphoko (Zimbabwe).
Describe the physiology of Poho (Zimbabwe).
Describe the physiology of enset.
Describe the physiology of Abyssinian banana.
Describe the physiology of rosebay willow herb.
Describe the physiology of schmalblättriges weidenröschen.
Describe the physiology of mjölke.
Describe the physiology of mjölkört.
Describe the physiology of praktduna.
Describe the physiology of rävsvans.
Describe the physiology of skogsbloss.
Describe the physiology of geitrams.
Describe the physiology of gederams.
Describe the physiology of maitohorsma.
Describe the physiology of sigurskúfur.
Describe the physiology of horsetail.
Describe the physiology of field horsetail.
Describe the physiology of shavegrass.
Describe the physiology of grande prêle.
Describe the physiology of Zinnkraut.
Describe the physiology of åkerfräken.
Describe the physiology of åkersnelle.
Describe the physiology of ager-padderokke.
Describe the physiology of peltokorte.
Describe the physiology of klóelfting.
Describe the physiology of Acker-Schachtelhalm.
Describe the physiology of Equiseti herba.
Describe the physiology of tef.
Describe the physiology of tafi (Orom.).
Describe the physiology of taf.
Describe the physiology of teff.
Describe the physiology of Williams lovegrass.
Describe the physiology of chimanganga (Malawi).
Describe the physiology of ndzungulu(Malawi).
Describe the physiology of rocket.
Describe the physiology of salad rocket.
Describe the physiology of garden rocket.
Describe the physiology of arugula.
Describe the physiology of arrugula.
Describe the physiology of roquette.
Describe the physiology of true rocket.
Describe the physiology of rocket salad.
Describe the physiology of tira.
Describe the physiology of white pepper.
Describe the physiology of oruga.
Describe the physiology of oruga común.
Describe the physiology of eruca.
Describe the physiology of roqueta común.
Describe the physiology of ruqueta.
Describe the physiology of bekarki.
Describe the physiology of rúcula.
Describe the physiology of fedorenta.
Describe the physiology of pinchão.
Describe the physiology of ruccetta.
Describe the physiology of rucola.
Describe the physiology of basul.
Describe the physiology of balù.
Describe the physiology of antipurutu.
Describe the physiology of baluy.
Describe the physiology of chachafruto.
Describe the physiology of chafruto.
Describe the physiology of sachafruto.
Describe the physiology of sachapuruto.
Describe the physiology of calù.
Describe the physiology of frisol ca1ù.
Describe the physiology of nopas.
Describe the physiology of pajuro.
Describe the physiology of sachaporoto.
Describe the physiology of sacha purutu.
Describe the physiology of Brazil eugenia.
Describe the physiology of Brazilian cherry.
Describe the physiology of grumix-aneira of Brazil.
Describe the physiology of Bois de nèfle.
Describe the physiology of cerisier du Brésil.
Describe the physiology of jambosier du Brésil.
Describe the physiology of grumichama.
Describe the physiology of grumixama.
Describe the physiology of grumixameira.
Describe the physiology of arazá.
Describe the physiology of araça-boi.
Describe the physiology of Brazil cherry.
Describe the physiology of Surinam cherry.
Describe the physiology of pitanga.
Describe the physiology of cerise de Cayenne.
Describe the physiology of cerisescotes.
Describe the physiology of cerise carrée.
Describe the physiology of ceremai belanda.
Describe the physiology of dewandaru.
Describe the physiology of mayom-farang.
Describe the physiology of palmiteiro.
Describe the physiology of euterpe palm.
Describe the physiology of assai palm.
Describe the physiology of acai palm.
Describe the physiology of cabbage palm.
Describe the physiology of palmier pinot.
Describe the physiology of asaí.
Describe the physiology of palmiche de Rio Negro.
Describe the physiology of manaca.
Describe the physiology of palm of col.
Describe the physiology of açaí.
Describe the physiology of açaízeiro.
Describe the physiology of açaí do Pará.
Describe the physiology of açaí do Baixo Amazonas.
Describe the physiology of açaí de touceira.
Describe the physiology of juçara.
Describe the physiology of juçara de touceira.
Describe the physiology of palmito açai.
Describe the physiology of India wheat.
Describe the physiology of duck wheat.
Describe the physiology of Tartarian buckwheat.
Describe the physiology of Kangra buckwheat.
Describe the physiology of Iceland buckwheat.
Describe the physiology of fagopiro da Tartaria.
Describe the physiology of American beech.
Describe the physiology of ridge beech.
Describe the physiology of red beeche.
Describe the physiology of faia americana.
Describe the physiology of winter thorn.
Describe the physiology of apple ring thorn tree.
Describe the physiology of apple ring acacia.
Describe the physiology of ana tree.
Describe the physiology of white thorn.
Describe the physiology of without.
Describe the physiology of anaboom.
Describe the physiology of apiesdoring.
Describe the physiology of mogabo.
Describe the physiology of magohlo.
Describe the physiology of umHlalankwazi.
Describe the physiology of kad.
Describe the physiology of Faidherbia.
Describe the physiology of large-leaved rock fig.
Describe the physiology of rock fig.
Describe the physiology of grootblaarrotsvy.
Describe the physiology of klipvy.
Describe the physiology of inkokhokho.
Describe the physiology of umbambematsheni.
Describe the physiology of impayi.
Describe the physiology of amphayi.
Describe the physiology of nkuwamaribye.
Describe the physiology of monokane.
Describe the physiology of mphaya.
Describe the physiology of mohawa.
Describe the physiology of momelantsweng.
Describe the physiology of tshikululu.
Describe the physiology of Afrikaans rostvy.
Describe the physiology of African rock fig.
Describe the physiology of kawuri.
Describe the physiology of pharaoh's fig.
Describe the physiology of Egyptian fig.
Describe the physiology of Egyptian sycamore.
Describe the physiology of sycamore fig.
Describe the physiology of sycomore fig.
Describe the physiology of mulberry fig.
Describe the physiology of daroo.
Describe the physiology of mulemba.
Describe the physiology of ulemba.
Describe the physiology of Sykamorfeige.
Describe the physiology of Hilteetaa (Konsogna).
Describe the physiology of Abbo rubber tree.
Describe the physiology of Abbo.
Describe the physiology of Liberian rubber tree.
Describe the physiology of obada.
Describe the physiology of Dahomey rubber tree.
Describe the physiology of Congo rubber tree.
Describe the physiology of Ire' rubber tree.
Describe the physiology of borracheira africana.
Describe the physiology of dwarf kumquat.
Describe the physiology of cumquate ana.
Describe the physiology of Chilean strawberry.
Describe the physiology of beach strawberry.
Describe the physiology of frutilla.
Describe the physiology of morangueiro do Chile.
Describe the physiology of Virginia strawberry.
Describe the physiology of scarlet strawberry.
Describe the physiology of morangueiro da Virginia.
Describe the physiology of cleavers.
Describe the physiology of Spring cleavers.
Describe the physiology of bedstraw.
Describe the physiology of catchweed.
Describe the physiology of scratchweed.
Describe the physiology of mugweed.
Describe the physiology of crosswort.
Describe the physiology of pigtail.
Describe the physiology of maywort.
Describe the physiology of stickleback.
Describe the physiology of sticky-willy.
Describe the physiology of sweet hearts.
Describe the physiology of goosegrass.
Describe the physiology of snärjmåra.
Describe the physiology of snärjgräs.
Describe the physiology of klengjemaure.
Describe the physiology of burre-snerre.
Describe the physiology of kierumatara.
Describe the physiology of klifurmara.
Describe the physiology of Kletten-Labkraut.
Describe the physiology of Klebkraut.
Describe the physiology of amor de hortelao.
Describe the physiology of lampaso.
Describe the physiology of galhete.
Describe the physiology of pega-pega.
Describe the physiology of Galii aparinis herba.
Describe the physiology of true bedstraw.
Describe the physiology of lady's bedstraw.
Describe the physiology of our lady's bedstraw.
Describe the physiology of cheese rennet.
Describe the physiology of yellow cleavers.
Describe the physiology of yellow bedstraw.
Describe the physiology of yellow spring bedstraw.
Describe the physiology of fleaweed.
Describe the physiology of curdwort.
Describe the physiology of echtes Labkraut.
Describe the physiology of gulmaure.
Describe the physiology of gul snerre.
Describe the physiology of keltamatara.
Describe the physiology of gulma›ra.
Describe the physiology of erva do coalho.
Describe the physiology of erva coalheira.
Describe the physiology of galiao.
Describe the physiology of Galii veri herba.
Describe the physiology of ghogar tree.
Describe the physiology of karak tree.
Describe the physiology of chinyok.
Describe the physiology of jum tree.
Describe the physiology of arvore de folha parida.
Describe the physiology of Mandvi (Surat.
Describe the physiology of Bombay).
Describe the physiology of genipap.
Describe the physiology of genip.
Describe the physiology of genipapo.
Describe the physiology of caruto.
Describe the physiology of Jamaica bullace plum.
Describe the physiology of jagua.
Describe the physiology of marmalade-box.
Describe the physiology of genipapeiro.
Describe the physiology of genipapinho.
Describe the physiology of jenipapeiro das Guianas.
Describe the physiology of jenipapeiro.
Describe the physiology of jenipa'.
Describe the physiology of janipaba.
Describe the physiology of dyer's-greenweed.
Describe the physiology of green broom.
Describe the physiology of base broom.
Describe the physiology of kendal green.
Describe the physiology of woas-waxen.
Describe the physiology of piorno.
Describe the physiology of piorno dos tintureiros.
Describe the physiology of ground ivy.
Describe the physiology of field balm.
Describe the physiology of field thyme.
Describe the physiology of tun hoof.
Describe the physiology of alehoof.
Describe the physiology of hay maids.
Describe the physiology of gill-over-the-ground.
Describe the physiology of crow victuals.
Describe the physiology of Gundelrebe.
Describe the physiology of krossknapp.
Describe the physiology of korsknap.
Describe the physiology of maahumala.
Describe the physiology of hera terrestre.
Describe the physiology of coroa da terra.
Describe the physiology of Hederae terrestris herba.
Describe the physiology of float grass.
Describe the physiology of northern mannagrass.
Describe the physiology of mannagrass.
Describe the physiology of marsh bedstraw.
Describe the physiology of floating sweet-grass.
Describe the physiology of water mannagrass.
Describe the physiology of floating manna grass.
Describe the physiology of mannasøtgras.
Describe the physiology of manna-sødgræs.
Describe the physiology of ojasorsimo.
Describe the physiology of fló›apuntur.
Describe the physiology of flutender schwaden.
Describe the physiology of phalsa.
Describe the physiology of bariuan.
Describe the physiology of pophlië.
Describe the physiology of nhaab.
Describe the physiology of malai.
Describe the physiology of ya-khithut.
Describe the physiology of po tao hai.
Describe the physiology of cò-ke-à.
Describe the physiology of niger.
Describe the physiology of niger seed.
Describe the physiology of guizotia oléifere.
Describe the physiology of gingellikraut.
Describe the physiology of nug.
Describe the physiology of noug.
Describe the physiology of neuk.
Describe the physiology of sorguja.
Describe the physiology of sarguza.
Describe the physiology of alashi.
Describe the physiology of verrinuvvulu.
Describe the physiology of payellu.
Describe the physiology of hechellu.
Describe the physiology of karale.
Describe the physiology of ramtil.
Describe the physiology of gunnera.
Describe the physiology of Chilean rhubarb.
Describe the physiology of Chilean gunnera.
Describe the physiology of Chilean 'ape'ape.
Describe the physiology of pangue.
Describe the physiology of nalca.
Describe the physiology of raway.
Describe the physiology of spider flower.
Describe the physiology of cat's whiskers.
Describe the physiology of african spiderflower.
Describe the physiology of bastard mustard.
Describe the physiology of mouzambe à fleurs blanches.
Describe the physiology of cleome.
Describe the physiology of gynandro.
Describe the physiology of senfkapper.
Describe the physiology of benzoinbaun.
Describe the physiology of fieberstrauch.
Describe the physiology of kattesnor.
Describe the physiology of lubanga (B.
Describe the physiology of Zm).
Describe the physiology of ans saka.
Describe the physiology of volatin (Cuba).
Describe the physiology of acaya blanc (Martinique).
Describe the physiology of white massombee (Puerto Rico).
Describe the physiology of pe hua tsai.
Describe the physiology of kurhur.
Describe the physiology of baowan.
Describe the physiology of maman.
Describe the physiology of cinco-cinco (Philippines).
Describe the physiology of phak sain.
Describe the physiology of musambe (Angola).
Describe the physiology of rothwe (Botswana).
Describe the physiology of gorbwa (Cameroon).
Describe the physiology of abu quarn.
Describe the physiology of boekbeha.
Describe the physiology of chinsaga (Kenya).
Describe the physiology of brede caya (Malawi).
Describe the physiology of lerotu (Mauritius).
Describe the physiology of aija (Réunion).
Describe the physiology of palmbossie (Somalia).
Describe the physiology of tamaleika (South Africa).
Describe the physiology of mgagani (Sudan).
Describe the physiology of ejjoboyo (Tanzania).
Describe the physiology of gasaya (Uganda).
Describe the physiology of boanga (West Africa).
Describe the physiology of suntha (Dem. Rep. of Congo).
Describe the physiology of nyevhe (Zambia).
Describe the physiology of nyeuhe (Zimbabwe).
Describe the physiology of cow parsnip.
Describe the physiology of Wiesenbärenklau.
Describe the physiology of hogweed.
Describe the physiology of common cow parsnip.
Describe the physiology of berce.
Describe the physiology of roselle.
Describe the physiology of rozelle.
Describe the physiology of sorrel.
Describe the physiology of red sorrel.
Describe the physiology of Jamaica sorrel.
Describe the physiology of Indian sorrel.
Describe the physiology of Guinea sorrel.
Describe the physiology of sour-sour.
Describe the physiology of Queensland jelly plant.
Describe the physiology of jelly okra.
Describe the physiology of lemon bush.
Describe the physiology of Florida cranberry.
Describe the physiology of oseille rouge.
Describe the physiology of oseille de Guinée.
Describe the physiology of quimbombó chino.
Describe the physiology of sereni.
Describe the physiology of rosa de Jamaica.
Describe the physiology of flor de Jamaica.
Describe the physiology of agrio de Guinea.
Describe the physiology of quetmia ácida.
Describe the physiology of viña.
Describe the physiology of viñuela.
Describe the physiology of vinagreira.
Describe the physiology of azeda de Guiné.
Describe the physiology of cururú azédo.
Describe the physiology of quiabeiro azédo.
Describe the physiology of zuring.
Describe the physiology of karkadé.
Describe the physiology of carcadé.
Describe the physiology of sea buckthorn.
Describe the physiology of Sanddorn.
Describe the physiology of Hippophae fructus.
Describe the physiology of Oleum hippophae.
Describe the physiology of bulbous barley.
Describe the physiology of hop.
Describe the physiology of houblon.
Describe the physiology of hopfen.
Describe the physiology of luppolo.
Describe the physiology of jatobá.
Describe the physiology of dom (Sudan).
Describe the physiology of dom palm.
Describe the physiology of pacay.
Describe the physiology of pacae.
Describe the physiology of ice cream bean.
Describe the physiology of pois sucre.
Describe the physiology of pacay de Perù.
Describe the physiology of guarna.
Describe the physiology of guamo.
Describe the physiology of guama.
Describe the physiology of rabo de mico.
Describe the physiology of pa'qay.
Describe the physiology of paccai.
Describe the physiology of pa'qaya.
Describe the physiology of guaba.
Describe the physiology of pan chock.
Describe the physiology of river-koko.
Describe the physiology of pois doux.
Describe the physiology of pois doux à paille.
Describe the physiology of pois sucrin.
Describe the physiology of guaba nativa.
Describe the physiology of guamà.
Describe the physiology of guamá jina.
Describe the physiology of guavo.
Describe the physiology of inga.
Describe the physiology of pwa dou.
Describe the physiology of sikren.
Describe the physiology of inga' verdadeiro.
Describe the physiology of elecampane.
Describe the physiology of yellow starwort.
Describe the physiology of scabwort.
Describe the physiology of horse elder.
Describe the physiology of elf dock.
Describe the physiology of horse-heal.
Describe the physiology of enula-campana.
Describe the physiology of inula.
Describe the physiology of madorneira rasteira.
Describe the physiology of yellow flag.
Describe the physiology of yellow iris.
Describe the physiology of water flag iris.
Describe the physiology of yellow water flag.
Describe the physiology of water skegs.
Describe the physiology of sword flag.
Describe the physiology of lirio amarelo dos campos.
Describe the physiology of lirio amarelo dos pantanos.
Describe the physiology of acoro bastardo.
Describe the physiology of bush mango.
Describe the physiology of African bush mango.
Describe the physiology of wild mango.
Describe the physiology of oba.
Describe the physiology of ogbono.
Describe the physiology of bataua.
Describe the physiology of juniper.
Describe the physiology of common juniper.
Describe the physiology of horse savin.
Describe the physiology of genevrier.
Describe the physiology of genievre.
Describe the physiology of Wacholder.
Describe the physiology of ginepro comune.
Describe the physiology of Baccae juniperi.
Describe the physiology of Juniperi galbulus.
Describe the physiology of Juniperi fructus.
Describe the physiology of Aetheroleum juniperi.
Describe the physiology of zimbro vulgar.
Describe the physiology of zimbrao.
Describe the physiology of genebreiro.
Describe the physiology of Kersting's groundnut.
Describe the physiology of groundnut - Kersting's.
Describe the physiology of white dead-nettle.
Describe the physiology of weisse Taubnessel.
Describe the physiology of white nettle.
Describe the physiology of Lamii albi flos.
Describe the physiology of Lamii albi herba.
Describe the physiology of grass pea.
Describe the physiology of chickling pea.
Describe the physiology of Indian vetch.
Describe the physiology of chickling vetch.
Describe the physiology of gesse blanche.
Describe the physiology of gesette.
Describe the physiology of chícaro común.
Describe the physiology of almorta.
Describe the physiology of alverjas.
Describe the physiology of pisello bretonne.
Describe the physiology of guaya.
Describe the physiology of san lee dow.
Describe the physiology of khesari.
Describe the physiology of batura.
Describe the physiology of gilban.
Describe the physiology of matri.
Describe the physiology of sebere.
Describe the physiology of rough pea.
Describe the physiology of lentil.
Describe the physiology of red dhal.
Describe the physiology of split pea.
Describe the physiology of lentille.
Describe the physiology of lenteja.
Describe the physiology of lenticchia.
Describe the physiology of adas.
Describe the physiology of mercimek.
Describe the physiology of messer.
Describe the physiology of masser.
Describe the physiology of heramame.
Describe the physiology of shimfa.
Describe the physiology of missr.
Describe the physiology of linse.
Describe the physiology of pepper grass.
Describe the physiology of pepper weed.
Describe the physiology of pepperweed.
Describe the physiology of maca.
Describe the physiology of maca-maca.
Describe the physiology of Peruvian ginseng.
Describe the physiology of maka.
Describe the physiology of mace.
Describe the physiology of maino.
Describe the physiology of ayak chichira.
Describe the physiology of ayuk willku.
Describe the physiology of cress.
Describe the physiology of garden cress.
Describe the physiology of curled cress.
Describe the physiology of pepper grass.
Describe the physiology of fetto.
Describe the physiology of shimfi (Galinya).
Describe the physiology of kotto.
Describe the physiology of shimfa.
Describe the physiology of shimp (Kaffa).
Describe the physiology of shufu (Aderic).
Describe the physiology of lovage.
Describe the physiology of livèche.
Describe the physiology of Liebstöckel.
Describe the physiology of Levistici rhizoma et radix.
Describe the physiology of Levistici folium.
Describe the physiology of Levistici herba.
Describe the physiology of Levistici fructus.
Describe the physiology of Aetheroleum levistici.
Describe the physiology of common toadflax.
Describe the physiology of yellow toadflax.
Describe the physiology of white lupin.
Describe the physiology of lupino blanco.
Describe the physiology of yellow lupin.
Describe the physiology of yellow lupine.
Describe the physiology of golden lupine.
Describe the physiology of lupin jaune.
Describe the physiology of gelbe lupine.
Describe the physiology of hansenklee.
Describe the physiology of lupino giallo.
Describe the physiology of tremoco amarelo.
Describe the physiology of tremoco de flor amarela.
Describe the physiology of lupino amarillo.
Describe the physiology of altramuz amarillo.
Describe the physiology of Andean lupin.
Describe the physiology of South American lupin.
Describe the physiology of sweet Bolivian lupine.
Describe the physiology of pearl lupin.
Describe the physiology of altramuz.
Describe the physiology of chocho.
Describe the physiology of lupino.
Describe the physiology of raewi (Peru.
Describe the physiology of Bolivia).
Describe the physiology of tauri (Bolivia).
Describe the physiology of chocho (Ecuador.
Describe the physiology of Peru).
Describe the physiology of chochito (Ecuador.
Describe the physiology of Peru).
Describe the physiology of cequela (Peru).
Describe the physiology of chuchus (Bolivia).
Describe the physiology of tarwi.
Describe the physiology of tauri.
Describe the physiology of musk mallow.
Describe the physiology of malva almizclada.
Describe the physiology of white mallow.
Describe the physiology of muskuskaasjeskruid.
Describe the physiology of moskus katost.
Describe the physiology of bisam-malve.
Describe the physiology of moschus-malve.
Describe the physiology of myskmalva.
Describe the physiology of moskuskattost.
Describe the physiology of myskimalva.
Describe the physiology of mauve musquée.
Describe the physiology of slaz pizmowy.
Describe the physiology of noon flower.
Describe the physiology of eng-gedeskæg.
Describe the physiology of geitskjegg.
Describe the physiology of pukinparta.
Describe the physiology of wiesen-bocksbart.
Describe the physiology of cravo de seara.
Describe the physiology of ängshaverrot.
Describe the physiology of fenugreek.
Describe the physiology of abacha.
Describe the physiology of abakte.
Describe the physiology of abish.
Describe the physiology of beef apple.
Describe the physiology of chicle.
Describe the physiology of sapoti.
Describe the physiology of sapotizeiro.
Describe the physiology of sapotillier.
Describe the physiology of sawo manila.
Describe the physiology of ciku.
Describe the physiology of sawo londo.
Describe the physiology of chico.
Describe the physiology of lomut.
Describe the physiology of lamud.
Describe the physiology of lamut.
Describe the physiology of lamut-farang.
Describe the physiology of xabôchê.
Describe the physiology of hông xiêm.
Describe the physiology of tâm lu'c.
Describe the physiology of horehound.
Describe the physiology of common horehound.
Describe the physiology of white horehound.
Describe the physiology of hoarhound.
Describe the physiology of hound's-bane.
Describe the physiology of marrube blanc.
Describe the physiology of marrube commun.
Describe the physiology of Andorn.
Describe the physiology of Weisser Andorn.
Describe the physiology of marrubio.
Describe the physiology of marrubio branco.
Describe the physiology of Marrubii herba.
Describe the physiology of German chamomile.
Describe the physiology of Hungarian camomile.
Describe the physiology of matricaria.
Describe the physiology of wild camomile.
Describe the physiology of Kamille.
Describe the physiology of Chamomillae flos.
Describe the physiology of Chamomillae cribratum.
Describe the physiology of Chamomillae herba.
Describe the physiology of Aetheroleum chamomillae.
Describe the physiology of buriti palm.
Describe the physiology of mauriti palm.
Describe the physiology of aguaje palm.
Describe the physiology of babinda.
Describe the physiology of palmier bâche.
Describe the physiology of carandai-guazú (Bolivia).
Describe the physiology of ideuí.
Describe the physiology of canaguche.
Describe the physiology of canangucho (Colombia.
Describe the physiology of Ecuador).
Describe the physiology of chomiya.
Describe the physiology of burití.
Describe the physiology of moriche (Colombia.
Describe the physiology of Venezuela).
Describe the physiology of morete (Ecuador).
Describe the physiology of palma real (Bolivia).
Describe the physiology of coqueiro anajá.
Describe the physiology of inajazeiro.
Describe the physiology of mirití.
Describe the physiology of murití.
Describe the physiology of palmeira dos brejos.
Describe the physiology of ite palm (Guyana).
Describe the physiology of aguaje (Colombia.
Describe the physiology of Perú).
Describe the physiology of morichal (Colombia).
Describe the physiology of buriti-do-brejo.
Describe the physiology of coqueiro-buriti.
Describe the physiology of buritizeiro.
Describe the physiology of mangrove.
Describe the physiology of spearmint.
Describe the physiology of menthe crepue.
Describe the physiology of krauseminze.
Describe the physiology of bogbean.
Describe the physiology of medlar.
Describe the physiology of bitter gourd.
Describe the physiology of balsam pear.
Describe the physiology of band carilla.
Describe the physiology of costela de Adão.
Describe the physiology of Adam‚s rib.
Describe the physiology of fruit salad plant.
Describe the physiology of Swiss cheese plant.
Describe the physiology of ceriman.
Describe the physiology of Mexican Breadfruit.
Describe the physiology of Monstera.
Describe the physiology of split-leaf Philodendron.
Describe the physiology of breadfruit vine.
Describe the physiology of hurricane plant.
Describe the physiology of cut-leaf Philodendron.
Describe the physiology of red mulberry.
Describe the physiology of American mulberry.
Describe the physiology of murier rouge.
Describe the physiology of amoreira vermelha.
Describe the physiology of buffalo bean.
Describe the physiology of cow-itch.
Describe the physiology of cowage velvet bean.
Describe the physiology of cow itch.
Describe the physiology of fogarate.
Describe the physiology of gratey.
Describe the physiology of hell fire bean.
Describe the physiology of itchy bean.
Describe the physiology of pica pica.
Describe the physiology of pois velu.
Describe the physiology of pois-gratter.
Describe the physiology of velvet bean.
Describe the physiology of mucuna ceniza.
Describe the physiology of kavach.
Describe the physiology of kaunch.
Describe the physiology of alkushi.
Describe the physiology of atmagupta.
Describe the physiology of dulagondi.
Describe the physiology of punaikkali.
Describe the physiology of nasugunni.
Describe the physiology of Juckbohne.
Describe the physiology of jukboontje.
Describe the physiology of tassel hyacinth.
Describe the physiology of catnip.
Describe the physiology of catmint.
Describe the physiology of neveda dos gatos.
Describe the physiology of erva dos gatos.
Describe the physiology of nepeta.
Describe the physiology of cataria.
Describe the physiology of gataria.
Describe the physiology of nebeda.
Describe the physiology of hierba gatera.
Describe the physiology of European yellow pond-lily.
Describe the physiology of pond-lily.
Describe the physiology of yellow pond-lily.
Describe the physiology of spatterdock.
Describe the physiology of cow lily.
Describe the physiology of yellow cow lily.
Describe the physiology of yellow pondlily.
Describe the physiology of yellow water lily.
Describe the physiology of brandy bottle.
Describe the physiology of yellow water lily.
Describe the physiology of yellow pond-lily.
Describe the physiology of pond-lily.
Describe the physiology of European yellow pond-lily.
Describe the physiology of spatterdock lily.
Describe the physiology of frog-lily.
Describe the physiology of cow-lily.
Describe the physiology of spatter dock.
Describe the physiology of gul nykkerose.
Describe the physiology of gul åkande.
Describe the physiology of isoulpukka.
Describe the physiology of gelbe teichrose.
Describe the physiology of white water-lily.
Describe the physiology of European white water-lily.
Describe the physiology of American white water-lily.
Describe the physiology of fragrant water-lily.
Describe the physiology of sweet-scented white water-lily.
Describe the physiology of water cabbage.
Describe the physiology of pond-lily.
Describe the physiology of golfao branco.
Describe the physiology of flor de camal.
Describe the physiology of camalassana.
Describe the physiology of castalia.
Describe the physiology of lirio de agua.
Describe the physiology of murure.
Describe the physiology of gigoga.
Describe the physiology of erima.
Describe the physiology of binuang.
Describe the physiology of jejeba.
Describe the physiology of cactus pear.
Describe the physiology of prickly pear.
Describe the physiology of fico d'india.
Describe the physiology of turksvy.
Describe the physiology of African rice.
Describe the physiology of riz africain.
Describe the physiology of riz de Casamance.
Describe the physiology of arroz africano.
Describe the physiology of arroz da Guine'.
Describe the physiology of arroz de Guinea.
Describe the physiology of proso millet.
Describe the physiology of hog millet.
Describe the physiology of common millet.
Describe the physiology of millet proso.
Describe the physiology of echte hirse.
Describe the physiology of hirs.
Describe the physiology of vipphirs.
Describe the physiology of äkta hirs.
Describe the physiology of hirse.
Describe the physiology of almindelig hirse.
Describe the physiology of hirssi.
Describe the physiology of viljahirssi.
Describe the physiology of vine mesquite grass.
Describe the physiology of common poppy.
Describe the physiology of Klatschmohn.
Describe the physiology of poppy.
Describe the physiology of opium poppy.
Describe the physiology of white poppy.
Describe the physiology of adormidera.
Describe the physiology of pavot.
Describe the physiology of Mohn.
Describe the physiology of Schlafmohn.
Describe the physiology of vallmo.
Describe the physiology of opiums valmue.
Describe the physiology of valmue.
Describe the physiology of khashkhash.
Describe the physiology of slaapbol.
Describe the physiology of papavero.
Describe the physiology of dormideira.
Describe the physiology of mak.
Describe the physiology of keshi.
Describe the physiology of ying-shu.
Describe the physiology of Papaveris caput maturis.
Describe the physiology of Papaveris semen.
Describe the physiology of Oleum papaveris.
Describe the physiology of mehes.
Describe the physiology of mobola-plum.
Describe the physiology of cork tree.
Describe the physiology of hissing tree.
Describe the physiology of grysappel.
Describe the physiology of bosappel.
Describe the physiology of mmola.
Describe the physiology of mbulwa.
Describe the physiology of mobola.
Describe the physiology of muvhula.
Describe the physiology of amabulwa.
Describe the physiology of African locust bean.
Describe the physiology of locust bean.
Describe the physiology of néré.
Describe the physiology of arbre à farine.
Describe the physiology of fern leaf.
Describe the physiology of monkey cutlass tree.
Describe the physiology of two ball nitta-tree.
Describe the physiology of caroubier Africain.
Describe the physiology of maypop.
Describe the physiology of apricot vine.
Describe the physiology of wild passion flower.
Describe the physiology of flor da Paixao.
Describe the physiology of guarana.
Describe the physiology of kletterstrauch.
Describe the physiology of guaranastruik.
Describe the physiology of quarana.
Describe the physiology of quarane.
Describe the physiology of green arrow arum.
Describe the physiology of pearl millett.
Describe the physiology of bulrush millett.
Describe the physiology of negrito millet.
Describe the physiology of millet perle.
Describe the physiology of petit millet.
Describe the physiology of cumbu.
Describe the physiology of bajra.
Describe the physiology of bajri.
Describe the physiology of babala.
Describe the physiology of spiked millet.
Describe the physiology of cat-tail millet.
Describe the physiology of cattail millet.
Describe the physiology of pijo perla.
Describe the physiology of panizo Bajra.
Describe the physiology of mil a chandella.
Describe the physiology of mil penicillaire.
Describe the physiology of dukn.
Describe the physiology of reed canary-grass.
Describe the physiology of baldingère.
Describe the physiology of alpiste roseau.
Describe the physiology of rohr glanzgras.
Describe the physiology of rörflen.
Describe the physiology of randgräs.
Describe the physiology of strandrøyr.
Describe the physiology of rørgræs.
Describe the physiology of ruokohelpi.
Describe the physiology of wild date palm.
Describe the physiology of Senegal date.
Describe the physiology of coffee palm.
Describe the physiology of feather palm.
Describe the physiology of toddy palm.
Describe the physiology of wilde dadelboom.
Describe the physiology of datelboom.
Describe the physiology of mkindu.
Describe the physiology of alol (Tana River).
Describe the physiology of maydho.
Describe the physiology of mukindu.
Describe the physiology of muthuthi.
Describe the physiology of othith.
Describe the physiology of lilala.
Describe the physiology of mutshema.
Describe the physiology of mutshevho.
Describe the physiology of iSundu.
Describe the physiology of tsaro.
Describe the physiology of omuvare.
Describe the physiology of idama.
Describe the physiology of akindu.
Describe the physiology of mopalamo.
Describe the physiology of Cape date palm.
Describe the physiology of Zmbaba.
Describe the physiology of Selien.
Describe the physiology of Hosana.
Describe the physiology of Ol-tukai.
Describe the physiology of Schilf.
Describe the physiology of amla.
Describe the physiology of aonla.
Describe the physiology of emblic.
Describe the physiology of emblic myrobalan.
Describe the physiology of malacca tree.
Describe the physiology of Indian gooseberry.
Describe the physiology of amlet.
Describe the physiology of amalaki.
Describe the physiology of aurna.
Describe the physiology of karnataki.
Describe the physiology of amalkam.
Describe the physiology of nelli.
Describe the physiology of adiphala.
Describe the physiology of amalka.
Describe the physiology of amrit.
Describe the physiology of amritfala.
Describe the physiology of dhatriphala.
Describe the physiology of panchrasa.
Describe the physiology of shreefal.
Describe the physiology of shiva.
Describe the physiology of vaystha.
Describe the physiology of nellikai.
Describe the physiology of amra.
Describe the physiology of ray.
Describe the physiology of sobju.
Describe the physiology of amolphal.
Describe the physiology of myrobalan.
Describe the physiology of melaka.
Describe the physiology of Asam melaka.
Describe the physiology of amlaka.
Describe the physiology of ma kham pom.
Describe the physiology of mak kham pom.
Describe the physiology of kam lam.
Describe the physiology of kam lam ko.
Describe the physiology of bong ngot.
Describe the physiology of chu me.
Describe the physiology of cape gooseberry.
Describe the physiology of tomatillo.
Describe the physiology of husk-tomato.
Describe the physiology of jamberry.
Describe the physiology of ground cherry.
Describe the physiology of tomate de cascara.
Describe the physiology of tomate de fresadilla.
Describe the physiology of tomate milpero.
Describe the physiology of tomate verde.
Describe the physiology of miltomate.
Describe the physiology of Asian poke weed.
Describe the physiology of edible pokeweed.
Describe the physiology of Indian poke.
Describe the physiology of phytolacca.
Describe the physiology of poke root.
Describe the physiology of endod.
Describe the physiology of shang lu.
Describe the physiology of thuwowng lujc.
Describe the physiology of kermesbeere.
Describe the physiology of kermesbär.
Describe the physiology of cancer root.
Describe the physiology of coakum.
Describe the physiology of garget.
Describe the physiology of ink berry.
Describe the physiology of pigeon berry.
Describe the physiology of pigeonberry.
Describe the physiology of pocan.
Describe the physiology of poke root.
Describe the physiology of poke salad.
Describe the physiology of pokeberry.
Describe the physiology of pokeweed.
Describe the physiology of scoke.
Describe the physiology of wild spinach.
Describe the physiology of tintureira.
Describe the physiology of erva dos cachos da India.
Describe the physiology of caruru de pomba.
Describe the physiology of gaia-moca.
Describe the physiology of Ghilghoza pine.
Describe the physiology of Nejan pine.
Describe the physiology of Neoza pine.
Describe the physiology of Italian stone pine.
Describe the physiology of Roman pine.
Describe the physiology of umbrella pine.
Describe the physiology of pignon pine.
Describe the physiology of pignolia.
Describe the physiology of bull pine.
Describe the physiology of stone pine.
Describe the physiology of nut pine.
Describe the physiology of pin pignon.
Describe the physiology of pin parasol.
Describe the physiology of pino domestico.
Describe the physiology of pino marittimo.
Describe the physiology of pinheiro manso.
Describe the physiology of filfile zaf.
Describe the physiology of koloita.
Describe the physiology of coleus potato.
Describe the physiology of Livingstone potato.
Describe the physiology of wilde aartappel.
Describe the physiology of shezha.
Describe the physiology of tsenga.
Describe the physiology of tensa.
Describe the physiology of tsenza.
Describe the physiology of mutada.
Describe the physiology of matheta.
Describe the physiology of makwele.
Describe the physiology of tapole emahlo.
Describe the physiology of tapole-ea-mahlo.
Describe the physiology of itapile.
Describe the physiology of ibonda.
Describe the physiology of ugilo.
Describe the physiology of potato - coleus.
Describe the physiology of ulucanqu.
Describe the physiology of uluhlaza.
Describe the physiology of isiqwili.
Describe the physiology of ushizane.
Describe the physiology of umhlati.
Describe the physiology of ulujilo.
Describe the physiology of umbondive.
Describe the physiology of imbondwe.
Describe the physiology of ujwangu.
Describe the physiology of ushizan.
Describe the physiology of UJilo.
Describe the physiology of UJikwe.
Describe the physiology of UHlazaluti.
Describe the physiology of IZambhane.
Describe the physiology of weeping podocarpus.
Describe the physiology of she-pine.
Describe the physiology of brown pine.
Describe the physiology of podocarpo de ramos pendentes.
Describe the physiology of bistort.
Describe the physiology of European bistort.
Describe the physiology of meadow bistort.
Describe the physiology of English serpentary.
Describe the physiology of bistorta.
Describe the physiology of leafcup.
Describe the physiology of yacon.
Describe the physiology of yacon strawberry.
Describe the physiology of jiquima.
Describe the physiology of yacuma.
Describe the physiology of arboloco.
Describe the physiology of poir de terre Cochet.
Describe the physiology of lucuma.
Describe the physiology of lucumo.
Describe the physiology of lucma.
Describe the physiology of rucma.
Describe the physiology of mamón.
Describe the physiology of sapote.
Describe the physiology of mammee zapote.
Describe the physiology of marmalade plum.
Describe the physiology of zapote.
Describe the physiology of mamey zapoteo.
Describe the physiology of mamey colorado.
Describe the physiology of zapota grande.
Describe the physiology of sapota grande.
Describe the physiology of unique'.
Describe the physiology of grosse sapote.
Describe the physiology of algarroba.
Describe the physiology of vilayati babul.
Describe the physiology of gean.
Describe the physiology of heart cherry.
Describe the physiology of sweet cherry.
Describe the physiology of mazzard cherry.
Describe the physiology of fugle kirsebær.
Describe the physiology of cereja doce.
Describe the physiology of cereja galega.
Describe the physiology of Kirsche.
Describe the physiology of Cerasorum stipites.
Describe the physiology of capulin.
Describe the physiology of capuli cherry.
Describe the physiology of American cherry.
Describe the physiology of capulin black cherry.
Describe the physiology of capulin cherry.
Describe the physiology of cerisier capulin.
Describe the physiology of cereza.
Describe the physiology of cereza común.
Describe the physiology of guinda.
Describe the physiology of capulí.
Describe the physiology of cerezo.
Describe the physiology of cereza criolla.
Describe the physiology of cereza de los Andes.
Describe the physiology of muji.
Describe the physiology of detsé.
Describe the physiology of detzé.
Describe the physiology of taunday.
Describe the physiology of jonote.
Describe the physiology of puan.
Describe the physiology of palman.
Describe the physiology of xengua.
Describe the physiology of murmuntu.
Describe the physiology of ussum.
Describe the physiology of kapollinkirsche.
Describe the physiology of Mexican traubenkirsche.
Describe the physiology of sour cherry.
Describe the physiology of pie-cherry.
Describe the physiology of cerisier commun.
Describe the physiology of ginjeira da ginjas galegas.
Describe the physiology of Japanese apricot.
Describe the physiology of mume.
Describe the physiology of alperceiro do Japao.
Describe the physiology of Japanese plum.
Describe the physiology of ameixeira do Japao.
Describe the physiology of sloe.
Describe the physiology of blackthorn.
Describe the physiology of skeg.
Describe the physiology of prunellier.
Describe the physiology of Schlehdorn.
Describe the physiology of slåen.
Describe the physiology of abrunheiro bravo.
Describe the physiology of espinheiro negro.
Describe the physiology of endrino.
Describe the physiology of Cortex acaciae nostratis.
Describe the physiology of Pruni spinosae folium.
Describe the physiology of Pruni spinosae flos.
Describe the physiology of Pruni spinosae fructus.
Describe the physiology of common lungwort.
Describe the physiology of lungwort.
Describe the physiology of spotted dog.
Describe the physiology of blue lungwort.
Describe the physiology of Joseph-and-Mary.
Describe the physiology of lungeurt.
Describe the physiology of erva dos bofes.
Describe the physiology of pulmonaria.
Describe the physiology of Lungenkraut.
Describe the physiology of pulmonary.
Describe the physiology of Pulmonariae folium.
Describe the physiology of Pulmonairae herba.
Describe the physiology of Chinese pear.
Describe the physiology of Japanese pear.
Describe the physiology of Asian pear.
Describe the physiology of Oriental pear.
Describe the physiology of sand pear.
Describe the physiology of Japanese sand pear.
Describe the physiology of pera chinesa.
Describe the physiology of peral de las arenas.
Describe the physiology of nashi.
Describe the physiology of California live oak.
Describe the physiology of Coast live oak.
Describe the physiology of Encina.
Describe the physiology of sobreiro da California.
Describe the physiology of white oak.
Describe the physiology of Quebec oak.
Describe the physiology of stave oak.
Describe the physiology of chene blanc.
Describe the physiology of chene du Quebec.
Describe the physiology of carvalho branco.
Describe the physiology of oak.
Describe the physiology of German oak.
Describe the physiology of English oak.
Describe the physiology of Robur oak.
Describe the physiology of Austrian oak.
Describe the physiology of pedunculate oak.
Describe the physiology of truffle oak.
Describe the physiology of Slavonian oak.
Describe the physiology of chene.
Describe the physiology of chene pedoncule'.
Describe the physiology of Eiche.
Describe the physiology of Deutsche Eiche.
Describe the physiology of Stieleiche.
Describe the physiology of Traubeneiche.
Describe the physiology of Sommereiche.
Describe the physiology of quercia.
Describe the physiology of farnia.
Describe the physiology of stilk eg.
Describe the physiology of carvalho roble.
Describe the physiology of carvalho comum.
Describe the physiology of carvalho alvarinho.
Describe the physiology of roble comun.
Describe the physiology of Quercus cortex.
Describe the physiology of Quercus folium.
Describe the physiology of rat-tailed radish.
Describe the physiology of dogwood.
Describe the physiology of blinkblaar.
Describe the physiology of Turkey rhubarb.
Describe the physiology of Chinese rhubarb.
Describe the physiology of black currant.
Describe the physiology of schwarze Johannisbeere.
Describe the physiology of Ribis nigri folium.
Describe the physiology of Ribis nigri fructus.
Describe the physiology of red current.
Describe the physiology of ribs.
Describe the physiology of rote Johannisbeere.
Describe the physiology of Ribis rubri fructus.
Describe the physiology of gooseberry.
Describe the physiology of stikkelsbær.
Describe the physiology of stachelbeere.
Describe the physiology of African nut tree.
Describe the physiology of African wood.
Describe the physiology of African wood-oil nut tree.
Describe the physiology of cork wood.
Describe the physiology of muawa.
Describe the physiology of erimado.
Describe the physiology of munguella (Angola).
Describe the physiology of esséssang (Cameroon).
Describe the physiology of bofeko (Zaire).
Describe the physiology of wama (Ghana).
Describe the physiology of okhuen (Nigeria).
Describe the physiology of kishongo (Uganda).
Describe the physiology of mongongo nut.
Describe the physiology of manketti nut.
Describe the physiology of featherweight tree.
Describe the physiology of mongongo.
Describe the physiology of mungongo.
Describe the physiology of mungongoma.
Describe the physiology of mugonga.
Describe the physiology of mangetti.
Describe the physiology of ugongo (Kwangali).
Describe the physiology of ngongo (Kwangali).
Describe the physiology of wilde okkerneut.
Describe the physiology of dog rose.
Describe the physiology of dog brier.
Describe the physiology of rose hip.
Describe the physiology of wild rose.
Describe the physiology of brier hip.
Describe the physiology of bramble rose.
Describe the physiology of cankerberry.
Describe the physiology of canker.
Describe the physiology of baies d'eglantier.
Describe the physiology of Hagebutte.
Describe the physiology of Hundsrose.
Describe the physiology of rosa canina.
Describe the physiology of hunderose.
Describe the physiology of roseira canina.
Describe the physiology of rosa de cao.
Describe the physiology of silva-macha.
Describe the physiology of rebenta-boi.
Describe the physiology of Cynosbati fructus sine semine.
Describe the physiology of Cynosbati fructus cum seminibus.
Describe the physiology of Cynosbati semen.
Describe the physiology of blackberry.
Describe the physiology of scaldberry.
Describe the physiology of bramble.
Describe the physiology of ronce commune.
Describe the physiology of brombeere.
Describe the physiology of brombær.
Describe the physiology of silva das amoras.
Describe the physiology of amora silvestre.
Describe the physiology of amora de silva.
Describe the physiology of sarca.
Describe the physiology of black raspberry.
Describe the physiology of blackcap raspberry.
Describe the physiology of framboise noire.
Describe the physiology of frambuesa negra.
Describe the physiology of framboeza preta.
Describe the physiology of butcher's broom.
Describe the physiology of knee holm.
Describe the physiology of jew'-myrtle.
Describe the physiology of pettigree.
Describe the physiology of pettigrue.
Describe the physiology of fragon piquant.
Describe the physiology of pungitopo.
Describe the physiology of mussetorn.
Describe the physiology of gilbardeira.
Describe the physiology of jabardeira.
Describe the physiology of erva dos vasculhos.
Describe the physiology of brusca.
Describe the physiology of murta espinhosa.
Describe the physiology of old-world arrowhead.
Describe the physiology of arrowhead.
Describe the physiology of kyor.
Describe the physiology of Chinese arrowhead.
Describe the physiology of sagitaria vulgar.
Describe the physiology of gewöhnliches pfeilkraut.
Describe the physiology of pilblad.
Describe the physiology of pystykeiholehti.
Describe the physiology of pilört.
Describe the physiology of vanligt pilblad.
Describe the physiology of samphire.
Describe the physiology of glasswort.
Describe the physiology of bladderwort.
Describe the physiology of sea asparagus.
Describe the physiology of saint-pierre.
Describe the physiology of tooth brush tree.
Describe the physiology of toothbrush tree.
Describe the physiology of kikuel tree.
Describe the physiology of mustard tree.
Describe the physiology of salt bush.
Describe the physiology of adai.
Describe the physiology of salvadora.
Describe the physiology of aarak.
Describe the physiology of arrak.
Describe the physiology of arraka.
Describe the physiology of el rak.
Describe the physiology of kabats.
Describe the physiology of shau.
Describe the physiology of siwak.
Describe the physiology of arbre a cure-dents.
Describe the physiology of arbre a frotte-dents.
Describe the physiology of mswaki.
Describe the physiology of dadaho.
Describe the physiology of adz.
Describe the physiology of imu-garreh.
Describe the physiology of common elder.
Describe the physiology of elderberry.
Describe the physiology of American elder.
Describe the physiology of sweet elder.
Describe the physiology of elder blow.
Describe the physiology of sabugueiro do Canada'.
Describe the physiology of red-berried elder.
Describe the physiology of European red elder.
Describe the physiology of sabugueiro vermelho da Europa.
Describe the physiology of great burnet.
Describe the physiology of burnet-bloodwort.
Describe the physiology of pimpinela hortense.
Describe the physiology of sanguisorba.
Describe the physiology of sandalwood.
Describe the physiology of sanders wood.
Describe the physiology of sandal tree.
Describe the physiology of chandana.
Describe the physiology of chandal.
Describe the physiology of chandan.
Describe the physiology of sandal.
Describe the physiology of santagu.
Describe the physiology of santhanam.
Describe the physiology of srigandam.
Describe the physiology of byakudan.
Describe the physiology of Indian lac tree.
Describe the physiology of kosum.
Describe the physiology of kusuma.
Describe the physiology of kesambi.
Describe the physiology of common club-rush.
Describe the physiology of bulrush.
Describe the physiology of gewöhnliche teichsimse.
Describe the physiology of sjøsevaks.
Describe the physiology of sø-kogleaks.
Describe the physiology of järvikaisla.
Describe the physiology of votasef.
Describe the physiology of säv.
Describe the physiology of river bean.
Describe the physiology of Mwethia.
Describe the physiology of Muzimbandeya.
Describe the physiology of foxtail millet.
Describe the physiology of millet foxtail.
Describe the physiology of hay millet.
Describe the physiology of foxtail bristle-grass.
Describe the physiology of boer millet.
Describe the physiology of German millet.
Describe the physiology of Italian millet.
Describe the physiology of nunbank setaria.
Describe the physiology of kolbenhirse.
Describe the physiology of kolvhirs.
Describe the physiology of äkta kolvhirs.
Describe the physiology of stor busthirse.
Describe the physiology of Italianpantaheinä.
Describe the physiology of bwa blan.
Describe the physiology of bwa fwenn.
Describe the physiology of doliv.
Describe the physiology of fwenn.
Describe the physiology of bitter damson.
Describe the physiology of princess tree.
Describe the physiology of simarouba.
Describe the physiology of bois amer.
Describe the physiology of quinquina d‚Europe.
Describe the physiology of acajou blanc.
Describe the physiology of daguilla.
Describe the physiology of daguillo.
Describe the physiology of gavilan.
Describe the physiology of juan primero.
Describe the physiology of laguilla olivio.
Describe the physiology of palo amargo.
Describe the physiology of Simaruba.
Describe the physiology of jojoba.
Describe the physiology of goat-nut.
Describe the physiology of deernut.
Describe the physiology of jojowi.
Describe the physiology of bucknut.
Describe the physiology of coffee nut.
Describe the physiology of pig nut.
Describe the physiology of lemon leaf.
Describe the physiology of bushnut.
Describe the physiology of white mustard.
Describe the physiology of English mustard.
Describe the physiology of mustard seed.
Describe the physiology of mostaza.
Describe the physiology of moutarde.
Describe the physiology of Senfsaat.
Describe the physiology of senap.
Describe the physiology of sennep.
Describe the physiology of khardal.
Describe the physiology of mosterd.
Describe the physiology of senape.
Describe the physiology of mastarda.
Describe the physiology of gorshitsa.
Describe the physiology of shiro-karashi.
Describe the physiology of chieh.
Describe the physiology of Sinapis albae semen.
Describe the physiology of Brassica nigrae semen.
Describe the physiology of Oleum sinapi.
Describe the physiology of Brassica junceae semen.
Describe the physiology of scarlet eggplant.
Describe the physiology of Ethiopian eggplant.
Describe the physiology of African bitter pea-aubergine.
Describe the physiology of wild pea-aubergine.
Describe the physiology of wild African aubergine.
Describe the physiology of tomato-fruited eggplant.
Describe the physiology of mock tomato.
Describe the physiology of aubergine amère.
Describe the physiology of petite bringelle maronne.
Describe the physiology of xiao gu qie.
Describe the physiology of xiao ku fan qie.
Describe the physiology of cocona shrub.
Describe the physiology of Indian rennet.
Describe the physiology of igba.
Describe the physiology of ingulla.
Describe the physiology of inboye.
Describe the physiology of hidi (Galinya).
Describe the physiology of apple of Sodam.
Describe the physiology of bitter apple.
Describe the physiology of bitterappel.
Describe the physiology of gboma eggplant.
Describe the physiology of African eggplant.
Describe the physiology of anthora.
Describe the physiology of garden egg.
Describe the physiology of ornamental eggplant.
Describe the physiology of tomato-fruited eggplant.
Describe the physiology of red-fruited eggplant.
Describe the physiology of orange-fruited eggplant.
Describe the physiology of scarlet eggplant.
Describe the physiology of Thai eggplant.
Describe the physiology of aubergine africaine.
Describe the physiology of aubergine d'Afrique.
Describe the physiology of aubergine amère.
Describe the physiology of aubergine orangée.
Describe the physiology of aubergine ornementale.
Describe the physiology of aubergine gboma.
Describe the physiology of grosse anghive.
Describe the physiology of berenjena.
Describe the physiology of Afrikansk ægplante.
Describe the physiology of Afrikaanse aubergine.
Describe the physiology of antroewa.
Describe the physiology of Afrikanische eierpflanze.
Describe the physiology of melanzana petonciano.
Describe the physiology of sennari nasu.
Describe the physiology of terong santan.
Describe the physiology of terong rapoh.
Describe the physiology of terong engkol.
Describe the physiology of terong kelapa.
Describe the physiology of beringela africana.
Describe the physiology of terong gayung.
Describe the physiology of Afrikansk äggplanta.
Describe the physiology of bitter potato.
Describe the physiology of choquepito.
Describe the physiology of ococuri.
Describe the physiology of luki.
Describe the physiology of ruke.
Describe the physiology of hausa potato.
Describe the physiology of coleus.
Describe the physiology of coleus potato.
Describe the physiology of chinese potato.
Describe the physiology of country potato.
Describe the physiology of ratala.
Describe the physiology of Sudan-potato.
Describe the physiology of pomme de terre du Soudan.
Describe the physiology of hausakartoffel.
Describe the physiology of koorka.
Describe the physiology of patata de los hausas.
Describe the physiology of kembifi.
Describe the physiology of ubi kembili.
Describe the physiology of innala.
Describe the physiology of ketang.
Describe the physiology of fra-fra-salanga.
Describe the physiology of koorkan.
Describe the physiology of fra-fra potato.
Describe the physiology of saluga.
Describe the physiology of tumuku.
Describe the physiology of fabirama.
Describe the physiology of European mountain ash.
Describe the physiology of weeping mountain ash.
Describe the physiology of rowan.
Describe the physiology of rowanberry.
Describe the physiology of rountree.
Describe the physiology of quick beam.
Describe the physiology of whitty.
Describe the physiology of sorbier.
Describe the physiology of Eberesche.
Describe the physiology of Vogelbeerbaum.
Describe the physiology of rogn.
Describe the physiology of almindelig røn.
Describe the physiology of kotipihlaja.
Describe the physiology of pihlaja.
Describe the physiology of reynivi›ur.
Describe the physiology of sorbo degli uccelli.
Describe the physiology of sorbo degli uccellatori.
Describe the physiology of Sorbi fructus.
Describe the physiology of tramazeira.
Describe the physiology of sorveira brava.
Describe the physiology of lamagueira.
Describe the physiology of escancerejo.
Describe the physiology of cornogodinho.
Describe the physiology of serviceberry.
Describe the physiology of service tree.
Describe the physiology of beam tree.
Describe the physiology of checker tree.
Describe the physiology of speierling.
Describe the physiology of sorveira.
Describe the physiology of sorveira brava.
Describe the physiology of pau-vaca.
Describe the physiology of African yam bean.
Describe the physiology of tuber bean.
Describe the physiology of Afrikanische yambohne.
Describe the physiology of girigiri.
Describe the physiology of red mombin.
Describe the physiology of Spanish plum.
Describe the physiology of mombin rouge.
Describe the physiology of prunier d'Espagne.
Describe the physiology of ciruelo.
Describe the physiology of kedondong seberang.
Describe the physiology of kedondong cocok.
Describe the physiology of siniguelas.
Describe the physiology of jocote.
Describe the physiology of chickweed.
Describe the physiology of common chickweed.
Describe the physiology of vassarve.
Describe the physiology of almindelig fuglegras.
Describe the physiology of pihatähtimö.
Describe the physiology of haugarfi.
Describe the physiology of Vogelmiere.
Describe the physiology of våtarv.
Describe the physiology of Stellariae herba.
Describe the physiology of bush orange.
Describe the physiology of corky bark.
Describe the physiology of monkey orange.
Describe the physiology of wild orange.
Describe the physiology of sauer nut.
Describe the physiology of geelklapper.
Describe the physiology of mpera-mwitu.
Describe the physiology of mtonga.
Describe the physiology of kurkbasklapper.
Describe the physiology of groenklapper.
Describe the physiology of elephant orange.
Describe the physiology of monkey ball.
Describe the physiology of monkey orange.
Describe the physiology of Natal orange.
Describe the physiology of spiny monkey ball.
Describe the physiology of kaffir orange.
Describe the physiology of mpapa.
Describe the physiology of mtonga.
Describe the physiology of angora (Galinya.
Describe the physiology of Harar).
Describe the physiology of green monkey apple.
Describe the physiology of spiny monkey apple.
Describe the physiology of water berry.
Describe the physiology of waterbessie.
Describe the physiology of umdoni waterberry.
Describe the physiology of umdoni.
Describe the physiology of waterwood.
Describe the physiology of waterhout.
Describe the physiology of monhlo.
Describe the physiology of montlho.
Describe the physiology of umcozi.
Describe the physiology of muthwa.
Describe the physiology of muhlwa.
Describe the physiology of mutu.
Describe the physiology of umswi.
Describe the physiology of umjome.
Describe the physiology of dandelion.
Describe the physiology of common dandelion.
Describe the physiology of pissenlit.
Describe the physiology of Löwenzahn.
Describe the physiology of dente di leone.
Describe the physiology of mælkeb¢tte.
Describe the physiology of perdeblom.
Describe the physiology of plant dissel.
Describe the physiology of umashwababa.
Describe the physiology of irwabe lenyoka.
Describe the physiology of Tanaceti herba.
Describe the physiology of Tanaceti flos.
Describe the physiology of cupuassu.
Describe the physiology of copoasú.
Describe the physiology of cupuasú.
Describe the physiology of cacao blanco.
Describe the physiology of cupuaçuzeiro.
Describe the physiology of cupuaçu.
Describe the physiology of pupuaçu.
Describe the physiology of mahanim.
Describe the physiology of tun.
Describe the physiology of tuni.
Describe the physiology of taung-tama.
Describe the physiology of taw thamgo.
Describe the physiology of thit kador.
Describe the physiology of Australian red cedar.
Describe the physiology of Burma cedar.
Describe the physiology of Indian cedar.
Describe the physiology of moulmein cedar.
Describe the physiology of Queensland red cedar.
Describe the physiology of red cedar.
Describe the physiology of toon.
Describe the physiology of danupra.
Describe the physiology of cedre rouge.
Describe the physiology of lim.
Describe the physiology of kukoru.
Describe the physiology of malapoga.
Describe the physiology of suren kapar.
Describe the physiology of suren mal.
Describe the physiology of chomcha.
Describe the physiology of mai-yom-horm.
Describe the physiology of ranggoh.
Describe the physiology of surian limpaga.
Describe the physiology of cedro.
Describe the physiology of mala-vembu.
Describe the physiology of santhana-vembu.
Describe the physiology of thevetharem.
Describe the physiology of yom-hom.
Describe the physiology of l[as]t kh[es]t.
Describe the physiology of meadow salsify.
Describe the physiology of goat's beard.
Describe the physiology of star of Jerusalem.
Describe the physiology of Joseph's-flower.
Describe the physiology of Jack-go-to-bed-at-noon.
Describe the physiology of Johnny-go-to-bed.
Describe the physiology of sleep-at-noon.
Describe the physiology of white arrow arum.
Describe the physiology of myrobalan.
Describe the physiology of garden vetch.
Describe the physiology of common vetch.
Describe the physiology of slimleaf vetch.
Describe the physiology of vetch.
Describe the physiology of corn.
Describe the physiology of alholva.
Describe the physiology of heno griego.
Describe the physiology of fenugrec.
Describe the physiology of Bockshornklee.
Describe the physiology of bockhornskloever.
Describe the physiology of hulba.
Describe the physiology of fenegriek.
Describe the physiology of fieno greco.
Describe the physiology of alforva.
Describe the physiology of pazhitnik.
Describe the physiology of koroha.
Describe the physiology of k'u-tou.
Describe the physiology of Trigonellae foeni-graeci semen.
Describe the physiology of sunko (Galinya).
Describe the physiology of abacheh.
Describe the physiology of abacham.
Describe the physiology of club wheat.
Describe the physiology of durum wheat.
Describe the physiology of Macaroni wheat.
Describe the physiology of blé dur.
Describe the physiology of trigo duro.
Describe the physiology of grano duro.
Describe the physiology of durum weizen.
Describe the physiology of hartweizen.
Describe the physiology of durum hvede.
Describe the physiology of durum vete.
Describe the physiology of durum kveite.
Describe the physiology of ying li xiao mai.
Describe the physiology of alkamh assalb.
Describe the physiology of lúa mì cúng.
Describe the physiology of spelt wheat.
Describe the physiology of wheat - spelt.
Describe the physiology of farro.
Describe the physiology of dinkel.
Describe the physiology of German wheat.
Describe the physiology of marama bean.
Describe the physiology of morama nut.
Describe the physiology of braaiboontjie.
Describe the physiology of gemsbok bean.
Describe the physiology of tamarni.
Describe the physiology of thamani berry.
Describe the physiology of marama.
Describe the physiology of marami.
Describe the physiology of morama.
Describe the physiology of ombanui.
Describe the physiology of gami.
Describe the physiology of tsi.
Describe the physiology of tsin bean.
Describe the physiology of maramaboontjie.
Describe the physiology of gemsbokboontjie.
Describe the physiology of N!Gham.
Describe the physiology of sanveldneut.
Describe the physiology of small reed mace.
Describe the physiology of narrow-leaved cattail.
Describe the physiology of lesser bulrush.
Describe the physiology of narrow-leaf cat-tail.
Describe the physiology of narrowleaf cattail.
Describe the physiology of totora.
Describe the physiology of espandana.
Describe the physiology of kleine lisdodde.
Describe the physiology of schmalblättriger rohrkolben.
Describe the physiology of smalt dunkjevle.
Describe the physiology of smalbladet dunhammer.
Describe the physiology of kapeaosmankäämi.
Describe the physiology of smalkaveldun.
Describe the physiology of smalbladigt kaveldun.
Describe the physiology of reed mace.
Describe the physiology of broad-leaved cattail.
Describe the physiology of broad-leaf cat-tail.
Describe the physiology of broadleaf cattail.
Describe the physiology of bulrush.
Describe the physiology of cattail.
Describe the physiology of common cat-tail.
Describe the physiology of gama.
Describe the physiology of great reedmace.
Describe the physiology of grote lisdodde.
Describe the physiology of breitt dunkjevle.
Describe the physiology of bredbladet dunhammer.
Describe the physiology of leveäosmankäämi.
Describe the physiology of breitblättriger rohrkolben.
Describe the physiology of bredkaveldun.
Describe the physiology of bredbladigt kaveldun.
Describe the physiology of kaveldun.
Describe the physiology of wild loquat.
Describe the physiology of West African loquat.
Describe the physiology of mkusu.
Describe the physiology of muzanje.
Describe the physiology of umhobohobo.
Describe the physiology of nkusu.
Describe the physiology of nettle.
Describe the physiology of ortie.
Describe the physiology of brennessel.
Describe the physiology of ortica.
Describe the physiology of annual nettle.
Describe the physiology of small nettle.
Describe the physiology of brænde nælde.
Describe the physiology of liden nælde.
Describe the physiology of kleine brennessel.
Describe the physiology of brenninetla.
Describe the physiology of rautanokkonen.
Describe the physiology of smånesle.
Describe the physiology of etternässla.
Describe the physiology of common bladderwort.
Describe the physiology of almindelig blærerod.
Describe the physiology of low-bush blueberry.
Describe the physiology of late sweet blueberry.
Describe the physiology of low sweet blueberry.
Describe the physiology of sweet hurts.
Describe the physiology of mirtilho de folhas estreitas.
Describe the physiology of uva do monte de folhas estreitas.
Describe the physiology of upland lowbush blueberry.
Describe the physiology of high-bush blueberry.
Describe the physiology of swamp blueberry.
Describe the physiology of American blueberry.
Describe the physiology of blueberry.
Describe the physiology of mirtilho dos pantanos.
Describe the physiology of airelle d'Amérique.
Describe the physiology of amerikanische Blueberry.
Describe the physiology of arándano americano.
Describe the physiology of cranberry.
Describe the physiology of American cranberry.
Describe the physiology of cultivated cranberry.
Describe the physiology of large cranberry.
Describe the physiology of large bearberry.
Describe the physiology of arando de cultura.
Describe the physiology of ronce d'Amérique.
Describe the physiology of große Moosbeere.
Describe the physiology of Kranbeere.
Describe the physiology of arándano americano.
Describe the physiology of arándano trepador.
Describe the physiology of bilberry.
Describe the physiology of blueberry.
Describe the physiology of moorberry.
Describe the physiology of hartberry.
Describe the physiology of hurtleberry.
Describe the physiology of whortleberry.
Describe the physiology of dwarf bilberry.
Describe the physiology of whinberry.
Describe the physiology of blåbær.
Describe the physiology of mirtilho.
Describe the physiology of mirtilo.
Describe the physiology of arando.
Describe the physiology of airela.
Describe the physiology of myrtille.
Describe the physiology of Heidelbeere.
Describe the physiology of mirtillo.
Describe the physiology of European cranberry.
Describe the physiology of Alpine blueberry.
Describe the physiology of marshberry.
Describe the physiology of clusterberry.
Describe the physiology of foxberry.
Describe the physiology of flowering foxberry.
Describe the physiology of cowberry.
Describe the physiology of lingberry.
Describe the physiology of lingenberry.
Describe the physiology of lingonberry.
Describe the physiology of mountain cranberry.
Describe the physiology of rock cranberry.
Describe the physiology of tyttebær.
Describe the physiology of arando da Europa.
Describe the physiology of Preiselbeere.
Describe the physiology of false medlar.
Describe the physiology of wild medlar.
Describe the physiology of velvet wild-medlar.
Describe the physiology of wildemispel.
Describe the physiology of grootmispel.
Describe the physiology of mispel.
Describe the physiology of mviru.
Describe the physiology of viru.
Describe the physiology of Muiru.
Describe the physiology of mviru muiru.
Describe the physiology of umThulwa.
Describe the physiology of umVili.
Describe the physiology of umViyo.
Describe the physiology of umNtulwa.
Describe the physiology of umNtuli.
Describe the physiology of iMandulu.
Describe the physiology of mmilo.
Describe the physiology of muzwilu.
Describe the physiology of umVilo.
Describe the physiology of monyunwana.
Describe the physiology of mothwanyê.
Describe the physiology of mpfilwa.
Describe the physiology of common wild medlar.
Describe the physiology of voavanga.
Describe the physiology of Spanish tamarind.
Describe the physiology of mviru.
Describe the physiology of harnkeren.
Describe the physiology of modhukaantaa (Konsogna).
Describe the physiology of buriri (Borena).
Describe the physiology of vervain.
Describe the physiology of European vervain.
Describe the physiology of herb of the cross.
Describe the physiology of sacred weed.
Describe the physiology of holywort.
Describe the physiology of pigeon's-grass.
Describe the physiology of Juno's tears.
Describe the physiology of jernurt.
Describe the physiology of verbena.
Describe the physiology of gerbao.
Describe the physiology of urgebao.
Describe the physiology of Eisenkraut.
Describe the physiology of Verbenae herba.
Describe the physiology of bitterleaf.
Describe the physiology of grawa.
Describe the physiology of ebicha (Galinya).
Describe the physiology of dumoga (Harar).
Describe the physiology of dumoga (Galinya).
Describe the physiology of bard vetch.
Describe the physiology of ervilha parda.
Describe the physiology of parda.
Describe the physiology of garroba.
Describe the physiology of bambara groundnut.
Describe the physiology of bambara bean.
Describe the physiology of jugo bean.
Describe the physiology of jugoboon.
Describe the physiology of izidlubu.
Describe the physiology of njugo (South Africa).
Describe the physiology of nyimo.
Describe the physiology of voanjo.
Describe the physiology of njugu mawe.
Describe the physiology of ditloo marapo.
Describe the physiology of indlubu.
Describe the physiology of mani.
Describe the physiology of blackeyed pea.
Describe the physiology of asparagus bean.
Describe the physiology of yard long bean.
Describe the physiology of vegetable cowpea.
Describe the physiology of pole sitao.
Describe the physiology of black-eyed pea.
Describe the physiology of cow pea.
Describe the physiology of cowpea.
Describe the physiology of crowder pea.
Describe the physiology of southern pea.
Describe the physiology of zombi pea.
Describe the physiology of wild mung bean.
Describe the physiology of wild cowpea.
Describe the physiology of pois poison.
Describe the physiology of pois zombi.
Describe the physiology of ye jiang dou.
Describe the physiology of fuji sasage.
Describe the physiology of thwàx phi.
Describe the physiology of qua.
Describe the physiology of aka sasage.
Describe the physiology of bejuco marrullero.
Describe the physiology of chorreque.
Describe the physiology of shea nut.
Describe the physiology of bambouk butter tree.
Describe the physiology of galam butter tree.
Describe the physiology of karité.
Describe the physiology of Afetewa.
Describe the physiology of black plum.
Describe the physiology of muxiloxilo.
Describe the physiology of galbihi.
Describe the physiology of dinya.
Describe the physiology of ucha koro.
Describe the physiology of mfudu.
Describe the physiology of mfuu.
Describe the physiology of oori-nla.
Describe the physiology of Plem (Amargna).
Describe the physiology of Silanri (Ari).
Describe the physiology of moru oak.
Describe the physiology of meru oak.
Describe the physiology of mfuu.
Describe the physiology of fox grape.
Describe the physiology of skunk grape.
Describe the physiology of plum grape.
Describe the physiology of Isabella grape.
Describe the physiology of Labrusca grape.
Describe the physiology of uva de raposa.
Describe the physiology of labrusca.
Describe the physiology of muscadine grape.
Describe the physiology of Southern fox grape.
Describe the physiology of scuppernong grape.
Describe the physiology of bullace grape.
Describe the physiology of vinha americana.
Describe the physiology of muscardinia.
Describe the physiology of pepper bark tree.
Describe the physiology of East African greenheart.
Describe the physiology of Ol-msogoni.
Describe the physiology of muthiga.
Describe the physiology of Yucca.
Describe the physiology of spineless yucca.
Describe the physiology of sweet corn.
Describe the physiology of sweet maize.
Describe the physiology of milho doce.
Describe the physiology of Teosinte.
Describe the physiology of Machurian wild rice.
Describe the physiology of cizania da Manchuria.
Describe the physiology of water bamboo.
Describe the physiology of coba.
Describe the physiology of kuw-sun.
Describe the physiology of kwo-bai.
Describe the physiology of jiao-bai.
Describe the physiology of makomo dake.
Describe the physiology of buffalo thorn.
Describe the physiology of Cape thorn.
Describe the physiology of blinkblaar-wag-'n-bietjie.
Describe the physiology of Koopta (Konsogna).
Describe the physiology of Ado kurkura (Amargna).
Describe the physiology of Foch (Amargna).
Describe the physiology of Gammo-gadie (Wolayetgna).
Describe the physiology of buffelsdoring.
Describe the physiology of umPhafa.
Describe the physiology of umhlahlankosi.
Describe the physiology of isilahla.
Describe the physiology of umkhobonga.
Describe the physiology of umlahlabantu.
Describe the physiology of mphasamhala.
Describe the physiology of mokgalo.
Describe the physiology of moonaona.
Describe the physiology of mukhalu.
Describe the physiology of mutshetshete.
Describe the physiology of omukaru.
Describe the physiology of omukekete (Ovambo).
Describe the physiology of aros.
Describe the physiology of buffalo-thorn jujube.
Describe the physiology of haak-en-steek-wag-'n-bietjie.
Describe the physiology of mokgalwa.
Describe the physiology of mokalabata.
Describe the physiology of isilahlankosi.
Describe the physiology of cat thorn.
Describe the physiology of bogwood.
Describe the physiology of katdoring.
Describe the physiology of eelgrass.
Describe the physiology of sea-wrack.
Describe the physiology of grass-wrack.
Describe the physiology of sea grass.
Describe the physiology of ulva marina.
Describe the physiology of limo de fita.
Describe the physiology of ceba do rio.
Describe the physiology of zostera marinha.
Describe the physiology of zozima.
Describe the physiology of cirigo.
Describe the physiology of papaw.
Describe the physiology of radish.
Describe the physiology of cowpea.
Describe the physiology of cow pea.
Describe the physiology of purple loosestrife.
Describe the physiology of bugle.
Describe the physiology of common bugle.
Describe the physiology of bugleweed.
Describe the physiology of carpet bugle.
Describe the physiology of erva de Sao Lourenco.
Describe the physiology of ajuga.
Describe the physiology of bugula.
Describe the physiology of lingua de boi.
Describe the physiology of azeviche.
Describe the physiology of ajugaiba.
Describe the physiology of erva ferrea.
Describe the physiology of Cape Water-hawthorn.
Describe the physiology of waterblommetjie.
Describe the physiology of vleikos.
Describe the physiology of Cape pond weed.
Describe the physiology of water hawthorn.
Describe the physiology of Cape asparagus.
Describe the physiology of bearberry.
Describe the physiology of bear's-grape.
Describe the physiology of fox plum.
Describe the physiology of creashak.
Describe the physiology of larb.
Describe the physiology of Indian wort.
Describe the physiology of sandberry.
Describe the physiology of kinnikinick.
Describe the physiology of mealberry.
Describe the physiology of hog-cranberry.
Describe the physiology of uva-ursina.
Describe the physiology of uva de urso.
Describe the physiology of medronheiro ursino.
Describe the physiology of swamp milkweed.
Describe the physiology of swamp silkweed.
Describe the physiology of white indian hemp.
Describe the physiology of showy milkweed.
Describe the physiology of common milkweed.
Describe the physiology of Siberian peashrub.
Describe the physiology of southern nettle tree.
Describe the physiology of bagolaro.
Describe the physiology of Zürgelbaum.
Describe the physiology of Nesselbaum.
Describe the physiology of hawthorn.
Describe the physiology of English hawthorn.
Describe the physiology of evergreen thorn.
Describe the physiology of albespine.
Describe the physiology of may-tree.
Describe the physiology of aubepine.
Describe the physiology of Weißdorn.
Describe the physiology of biancospino.
Describe the physiology of escrambulheiro.
Describe the physiology of espinheiro bravo.
Describe the physiology of rundhagtorn.
Describe the physiology of hagtorn.
Describe the physiology of parkhagtorn.
Describe the physiology of almindelig hvidtjørn.
Describe the physiology of pyöröliuskaorapihlaja.
Describe the physiology of midland hawthorn.
Describe the physiology of zweigriffeliger Weißdorn.
Describe the physiology of Crataegi summitas.
Describe the physiology of Crataegi fructus.
Describe the physiology of field eryngo.
Describe the physiology of roseapple.
Describe the physiology of pitahaya.
Describe the physiology of strawberry pear.
Describe the physiology of red pitaya.
Describe the physiology of dragon fruit.
Describe the physiology of pitaya.
Describe the physiology of pellitory.
Describe the physiology of wall pellitory.
Describe the physiology of pellitory of the wall.
Describe the physiology of Glaskraut.
Describe the physiology of stone fern wort.
Describe the physiology of Parietariae herba.
Describe the physiology of pickerel weed.
Describe the physiology of pickerelweed.
Describe the physiology of wampee.
Describe the physiology of common plum.
Describe the physiology of garden plum.
Describe the physiology of European plum.
Describe the physiology of quetschen plum.
Describe the physiology of Pflaume.
Describe the physiology of Zwetschge.
Describe the physiology of Quetsche.
Describe the physiology of prune.
Describe the physiology of prugno.
Describe the physiology of susino.
Describe the physiology of ameixa.
Describe the physiology of ameixeira.
Describe the physiology of ciruela.
Describe the physiology of seaside brookweed.
Describe the physiology of brookweed.
Describe the physiology of salzbunge.
Describe the physiology of strandsamel.
Describe the physiology of bunge.
Describe the physiology of samel.
Describe the physiology of suolapunka.
Describe the physiology of bur-reed.
Describe the physiology of branched bur-reed.
Describe the physiology of aufrechter igelkolben.
Describe the physiology of kjempe-piggknopp.
Describe the physiology of grenet pindsvineknop.
Describe the physiology of småfrugtet pindsvineknop.
Describe the physiology of haarapalpakko.
Describe the physiology of kantvass.
Describe the physiology of storigelknopp.
Describe the physiology of vanlig storigelknopp.
Describe the physiology of grenigelknopp.
Describe the physiology of Devil's bit scabious.
Describe the physiology of ofbit.
Describe the physiology of itch.
Describe the physiology of blue scabious.
Describe the physiology of blue buttons.
Describe the physiology of morso diabolico.
Describe the physiology of morte do diabo.
Describe the physiology of escabiosa.
Describe the physiology of black bryony.
Describe the physiology of black bindweed.
Describe the physiology of murraim berry.
Describe the physiology of houndsberry.
Describe the physiology of lady's-seal.
Describe the physiology of fruesegl.
Describe the physiology of baganha.
Describe the physiology of uva de cao.
Describe the physiology of norca preta.
Describe the physiology of tamo.
Describe the physiology of water chestnut.
Describe the physiology of water caltrop.
Describe the physiology of water nut.
Describe the physiology of horn chestnut.
Describe the physiology of Jesuit's nut.
Describe the physiology of saligot.
Describe the physiology of castanha de agua.
Describe the physiology of bull nut.
Describe the physiology of vassnøtt.
Describe the physiology of hornnød.
Describe the physiology of wassernuß.
Describe the physiology of sjönöt.
Describe the physiology of bitter vetch.
Describe the physiology of lentil vetch.
Describe the physiology of pigeon‚s pea.
Describe the physiology of French erse.
Describe the physiology of lenteja bastarda.
Describe the physiology of lentille bâtarde.
Describe the physiology of pois de pigeon.
Describe the physiology of kirsannah.
Describe the physiology of kuyewandou.
Describe the physiology of Linsenwicke.
Describe the physiology of ervilha de pombo.
Describe the physiology of erven.
Describe the physiology of erfva.
Describe the physiology of erve.
Describe the physiology of orobo.
Describe the physiology of erb.
Describe the physiology of pesette.
Describe the physiology of ervum.
Describe the physiology of alarceña.
Describe the physiology of alcarceña.
Describe the physiology of alcarraceña.
Describe the physiology of alcaruna.
Describe the physiology of alliez.
Describe the physiology of alverja.
Describe the physiology of alverjana.
Describe the physiology of arveja.
Describe the physiology of capogirlo.
Describe the physiology of cicerchia.
Describe the physiology of comin.
Describe the physiology of er.
Describe the physiology of eros.
Describe the physiology of erp.
Describe the physiology of ers.
Describe the physiology of erse.
Describe the physiology of Ervenlinse.
Describe the physiology of Ervenwicke.
Describe the physiology of ervil.
Describe the physiology of ervilier.
Describe the physiology of ervilla.
Describe the physiology of ervilliere.
Describe the physiology of ervo.
Describe the physiology of ervos.
Describe the physiology of Eselsohren.
Describe the physiology of essez.
Describe the physiology of faux orobe.
Describe the physiology of fregellini.
Describe the physiology of gero.
Describe the physiology of girlo.
Describe the physiology of girón.
Describe the physiology of goirils.
Describe the physiology of Gute erve.
Describe the physiology of herb.
Describe the physiology of herén.
Describe the physiology of herp.
Describe the physiology of hiero.
Describe the physiology of ingrassabue.
Describe the physiology of jarosse.
Describe the physiology of Kamellinse.
Describe the physiology of aersana.
Describe the physiology of kirsene.
Describe the physiology of kirsenne.
Describe the physiology of Knotenerve.
Describe the physiology of Knotenfrüchtige Wicke.
Describe the physiology of kursenne.
Describe the physiology of lentille ers.
Describe the physiology of lentille ervillière.
Describe the physiology of lentille noir.
Describe the physiology of leri.
Describe the physiology of lero.
Describe the physiology of marroiço.
Describe the physiology of marroio.
Describe the physiology of marruiço.
Describe the physiology of mochi.
Describe the physiology of mocho.
Describe the physiology of moco.
Describe the physiology of mosch.
Describe the physiology of officinal tare.
Describe the physiology of orobe bâtard.
Describe the physiology of orobes des boutiques.
Describe the physiology of orobo das boticas.
Describe the physiology of orobos.
Describe the physiology of pois mauresque.
Describe the physiology of rhobidia.
Describe the physiology of robai.
Describe the physiology of robi.
Describe the physiology of rubiglia.
Describe the physiology of Saaterve.
Describe the physiology of Saatwicklinse.
Describe the physiology of seros.
Describe the physiology of Stachelwicke.
Describe the physiology of Steinlinse.
Describe the physiology of straccabue.
Describe the physiology of titos.
Describe the physiology of tragellini.
Describe the physiology of vèccioli.
Describe the physiology of vèggioli.
Describe the physiology of vesce amére.
Describe the physiology of vesce.
Describe the physiology of ber.
Describe the physiology of cottony.
Describe the physiology of Indian jujube.
Describe the physiology of desert apple.
Describe the physiology of Chinese apple.
Describe the physiology of jujubier.
Describe the physiology of anafega da India.
Describe the physiology of widara.
Describe the physiology of bidara.
Describe the physiology of manzanitas.
Describe the physiology of phutsaa.
Describe the physiology of putrea.
Describe the physiology of than.
Describe the physiology of tao nhuc.
Describe the physiology of sidr.
Describe the physiology of beri.
Describe the physiology of gob.
Describe the physiology of abateri.
Describe the physiology of wag'n bietjie.
Describe the physiology of mkunazi.
Describe the physiology of gava.
Describe the physiology of ghob.
Describe the physiology of gheb.
Describe the physiology of jumuba.
Describe the physiology of kurkura (Galinya.
Describe the physiology of Harar).
Describe the physiology of gusura (Afargna).
Describe the physiology of Mexican avocado.
Describe the physiology of Guatemalan avocado.
Describe the physiology of West Indian avocado.
Describe the physiology of kang kong.
Describe the physiology of sow pea.
Describe the physiology of intip-intip.
Describe the physiology of wild ginger.
Describe the physiology of wildegemmer.
Describe the physiology of sidvungulu.
Describe the physiology of indungulu.
Describe the physiology of isiphepheto.
Describe the physiology of lamb's-quarters.
Describe the physiology of pigweed.
Describe the physiology of fat hen.
Describe the physiology of frost blite.
Describe the physiology of mutton tops.
Describe the physiology of dirtweed.
Describe the physiology of lamb's quarters.
Describe the physiology of dirty dick.
Describe the physiology of midden myles.
Describe the physiology of baconweed.
Describe the physiology of cenizo blanco.
Describe the physiology of weißer gänsefuß.
Describe the physiology of svinmålla.
Describe the physiology of mjölmålla.
Describe the physiology of vitmålla.
Describe the physiology of meldestokk.
Describe the physiology of hvidmelet gåsefod.
Describe the physiology of jauhosavikka.
Describe the physiology of hélunjóli.
Describe the physiology of anchusa.
Describe the physiology of blue alkanet.
Describe the physiology of Italian bugloss.
Describe the physiology of erva-sangue.
Describe the physiology of erva do figado.
Describe the physiology of water primrose.
Describe the physiology of creeping waterprimrose.
Describe the physiology of red ludwigia.
Describe the physiology of water shamrock.
Describe the physiology of water clover fern.
Describe the physiology of marsilea.
Describe the physiology of marsilia.
Describe the physiology of water clover.
Describe the physiology of European pepperwort.
Describe the physiology of European waterclover.
Describe the physiology of pepperwort.
Describe the physiology of Australian four leafed clover.
Describe the physiology of creeping cinquefoil.
Describe the physiology of sickle-leaved yellow-wood.
Describe the physiology of outeniqua.
Describe the physiology of East African yellow wood.
Describe the physiology of outeninqua yellow wood.
Describe the physiology of podo.
Describe the physiology of outeniekwageelhout.
Describe the physiology of zigba.
Describe the physiology of umSonti.
Describe the physiology of uNomphumelo.
Describe the physiology of umHlenhlane.
Describe the physiology of umGeya.
Describe the physiology of umKhandangoma.
Describe the physiology of umPume.
Describe the physiology of umKhoba.
Describe the physiology of Umceya.
Describe the physiology of Common yellowwood.
Describe the physiology of borasusspalm.
Describe the physiology of zembaba.
Describe the physiology of deleib.
Describe the physiology of chibangalala.
Describe the physiology of kakoma.
Describe the physiology of kambili.
Describe the physiology of African fan palm.
Describe the physiology of borassus palm.
Describe the physiology of palmyra palm.
Describe the physiology of ron palm.
Describe the physiology of rônier.
Describe the physiology of dubbi.
Describe the physiology of giginya.
Describe the physiology of ubiri.
Describe the physiology of kankoma.
Describe the physiology of mukulwani.
Describe the physiology of mulala.
Describe the physiology of katuugo.
Describe the physiology of nyalango.
Describe the physiology of rhun.
Describe the physiology of sibo.
Describe the physiology of mvumo.
Describe the physiology of abgon-eye.
Describe the physiology of Indian laurel fig.
Describe the physiology of incendeira.
Describe the physiology of wild seringa.
Describe the physiology of burkea.
Describe the physiology of maco.
Describe the physiology of wildesering.
Describe the physiology of mufhulu.
Describe the physiology of monato.
Describe the physiology of sandsering.
Describe the physiology of red seringa.
Describe the physiology of Rhodesian ash.
Describe the physiology of mpulu.
Describe the physiology of mosheshe.
Describe the physiology of mkalati.
Describe the physiology of omuparara.
Describe the physiology of pinimo (Ghana).
Describe the physiology of rooisering.
Describe the physiology of violet tree.
Describe the physiology of krinkhout.
Describe the physiology of marula.
Describe the physiology of morula.
Describe the physiology of caffra.
Describe the physiology of jelly plum.
Describe the physiology of maroola nut.
Describe the physiology of cat thorn.
Describe the physiology of cider tree.
Describe the physiology of maroola plum.
Describe the physiology of maroela.
Describe the physiology of dania.
Describe the physiology of mng' ong'o.
Describe the physiology of muua.
Describe the physiology of ol-mangwai.
Describe the physiology of iganu.
Describe the physiology of ikanyi.
Describe the physiology of umganu.
Describe the physiology of umkano.
Describe the physiology of canhoeiro.
Describe the physiology of ncanhi.
Describe the physiology of mutsomo.
Describe the physiology of mukwakwa.
Describe the physiology of mushomo.
Describe the physiology of muganu.
Describe the physiology of mupfura.
Describe the physiology of pfura.
Describe the physiology of mufura.
Describe the physiology of mafuna.
Describe the physiology of mngongo.
Describe the physiology of tsua.
Describe the physiology of tsula.
Describe the physiology of amaganu.
Describe the physiology of tololokwo.
Describe the physiology of nkanyi.
Describe the physiology of didissa.
Describe the physiology of katetalum.
Describe the physiology of ufuongo.
Describe the physiology of mura.
Describe the physiology of umgana.
Describe the physiology of mufula.
Describe the physiology of pepperbark tree.
Describe the physiology of sugarbeet.
Describe the physiology of remolacha azucarera.
Describe the physiology of betterave à sucre.
Describe the physiology of tiancai.
Describe the physiology of zuckerruebe.
Describe the physiology of barbabietola da zucchero.
Describe the physiology of tensai.
Describe the physiology of sato daikon.
Describe the physiology of sakharnaya svyokla.
Describe the physiology of bachanta.
Describe the physiology of broom-corn.
Describe the physiology of chicken corn.
Describe the physiology of cholam.
Describe the physiology of durra.
Describe the physiology of grain sorghum.
Describe the physiology of great millet.
Describe the physiology of guinea corn.
Describe the physiology of ipwa.
Describe the physiology of jawa.
Describe the physiology of jola.
Describe the physiology of jowar.
Describe the physiology of kafir corn.
Describe the physiology of kaoliang.
Describe the physiology of mashila.
Describe the physiology of milo.
Describe the physiology of mtama.
Describe the physiology of sorghum.
Describe the physiology of sorgho.
Describe the physiology of sorgo.
Describe the physiology of Hirse.
Describe the physiology of beech.
Describe the physiology of European beech.
Describe the physiology of Irish fea.
Describe the physiology of buche.
Describe the physiology of rotbuche.
Describe the physiology of faggio.
Describe the physiology of hêtre.
Describe the physiology of faia europeia.
Describe the physiology of haya.
Describe the physiology of bok.
Describe the physiology of bøk.
Describe the physiology of bøg.
Describe the physiology of pyökki.
Describe the physiology of honeysuckle.
Describe the physiology of Italian honeysuckle.
Describe the physiology of Italian woodbine.
Describe the physiology of sweet honeysuckle.
Describe the physiology of honeybind.
Describe the physiology of madressilva dos jardins.
Describe the physiology of stemless carline thistle.
Describe the physiology of silver thistle.
Describe the physiology of ground thistle.
Describe the physiology of Silberdistel.
Describe the physiology of Stengellose Eberwurz.
Describe the physiology of Große Wetterdistel.
Describe the physiology of carlina.
Describe the physiology of great knapweed.
Describe the physiology of Iceland moss.
Describe the physiology of Icelandic moss.
Describe the physiology of musgo da Islandia.
Describe the physiology of liquem da Islandia.
Describe the physiology of cetraria.
Describe the physiology of eyebright.
Describe the physiology of Wiesen-Augentrost.
Describe the physiology of finnögontröst.
Describe the physiology of ängsögontröst.
Describe the physiology of stor ögontröst.
Describe the physiology of storaugnetrøst.
Describe the physiology of kalk-øjentrøst.
Describe the physiology of ahosilmäruoho.
Describe the physiology of Euphrasiae herba.
Describe the physiology of butterbur.
Describe the physiology of arrowleaf butterbur.
Describe the physiology of babassu palm.
Describe the physiology of babaçu.
Describe the physiology of coco de macaco.
Describe the physiology of aguassu.
Describe the physiology of Atlas lupine.
Describe the physiology of fodder radish.
Describe the physiology of oil radish.
Describe the physiology of oilseed radish.
Describe the physiology of nabo forrajero.
Describe the physiology of nabo forrageiro.
Describe the physiology of Oelrettich.
Describe the physiology of sorva.
Describe the physiology of milk tree.
Describe the physiology of couma.
Describe the physiology of sorva pequeña.
Describe the physiology of sorveira.
Describe the physiology of sorvinha.
Describe the physiology of doum palm.
Describe the physiology of palma dum.
Describe the physiology of mukoma.
Describe the physiology of ilala.
Describe the physiology of baar.
Describe the physiology of qoona (fruit).
Describe the physiology of dabell (young).
Describe the physiology of qoone (Borana).
Describe the physiology of kone (Borana).
Describe the physiology of meeti (Borana).
Describe the physiology of mkoma (Chonyi).
Describe the physiology of kulidhe (Daasanach).
Describe the physiology of mkoma (Digo).
Describe the physiology of lume (Digo).
Describe the physiology of meetti (Gabra).
Describe the physiology of mkoma (Giriama).
Describe the physiology of lparruai (Ilchamus).
Describe the physiology of lparrua (Ilchamus).
Describe the physiology of mkoma (Kambe).
Describe the physiology of mokoma (Malakote).
Describe the physiology of mezi (young) (Malakote).
Describe the physiology of irara (Mbeere).
Describe the physiology of kone (Orma).
Describe the physiology of meti (young) (Orma).
Describe the physiology of takuyua (Pokot).
Describe the physiology of takaiw'a (Pokot).
Describe the physiology of takayua (Pokot).
Describe the physiology of gey-i-khooona (Rendille).
Describe the physiology of baar (Rendille).
Describe the physiology of lparwai (Samburu).
Describe the physiology of nkujit-ae-nkeok (Samburu).
Describe the physiology of auwaki (Sanya).
Describe the physiology of mkoma.
Describe the physiology of mkoche.
Describe the physiology of mlala.
Describe the physiology of mnyaa.
Describe the physiology of muaa.
Describe the physiology of irara (Taveta).
Describe the physiology of muruguyu (Tharaka).
Describe the physiology of eeng'ol (Turkana).
Describe the physiology of eng'ol (Turkana).
Describe the physiology of Dumpalme.
Describe the physiology of ahipa.
Describe the physiology of yam bean.
Describe the physiology of ajipa.
Describe the physiology of achipa.
Describe the physiology of dabau.
Describe the physiology of frijol chuncho.
Describe the physiology of judia batata.
Describe the physiology of poroto batata.
Describe the physiology of asipa.
Describe the physiology of villu.
Describe the physiology of huitoto.
Describe the physiology of andine knollenbone.
Describe the physiology of sinkamas.
Describe the physiology of yam bean.
Describe the physiology of manioc bean.
Describe the physiology of potato bean.
Describe the physiology of tuberous gram.
Describe the physiology of Amazonian yam bean.
Describe the physiology of dolique tubéreuse.
Describe the physiology of pois patate.
Describe the physiology of pois cochon.
Describe the physiology of ashipa.
Describe the physiology of chuin.
Describe the physiology of jícama.
Describe the physiology of jiquima.
Describe the physiology of yamsbønne.
Describe the physiology of sha ge.
Describe the physiology of hoewi iris.
Describe the physiology of bengkoewang.
Describe the physiology of yambohne.
Describe the physiology of knollenbohne.
Describe the physiology of knollige bohne.
Describe the physiology of amazonische jamsbohne.
Describe the physiology of amazonische knollenbohne.
Describe the physiology of fagiolo patata.
Describe the physiology of feijão-jacatupé.
Describe the physiology of jacatupé.
Describe the physiology of jacutupé.
Describe the physiology of jocotupé.
Describe the physiology of sinkamas.
Describe the physiology of at böyrüce.
Describe the physiology of mauka.
Describe the physiology of chagos.
Describe the physiology of chago.
Describe the physiology of chaco.
Describe the physiology of arricón.
Describe the physiology of yuca inca.
Describe the physiology of shallca yuca.
Describe the physiology of yuca de la Jalca.
Describe the physiology of pega pega.
Describe the physiology of cushpe.
Describe the physiology of cushipe.
Describe the physiology of arracacha de toro.
Describe the physiology of camotillo.
Describe the physiology of inca.
Describe the physiology of miso: Pichincha (Ecuador).
Describe the physiology of tazo: Cotopaxi (Ecuador).
Describe the physiology of mukukuma.
Describe the physiology of kilali.
Describe the physiology of mareer booy.
Describe the physiology of mudzaladowe (Chonyi).
Describe the physiology of mudzaladowe (Giriama).
Describe the physiology of mzaladowe (Giriama).
Describe the physiology of mudzaladowe (Kambe).
Describe the physiology of tamangesyat (Keiyo).
Describe the physiology of tarnanges (Keiyo).
Describe the physiology of tamangesig (Keiyo).
Describe the physiology of malkach (Marakwet).
Describe the physiology of tamalak (Marakwet).
Describe the physiology of malkatwa (Marakwet).
Describe the physiology of tomolokwo (Marakwet).
Describe the physiology of tamuketwo (Pokot).
Describe the physiology of tomekekwo (Pokot).
Describe the physiology of tamrenwo (Pokot).
Describe the physiology of mikisia (Pokot).
Describe the physiology of molkech (Pokot).
Describe the physiology of arrow-poison plant.
Describe the physiology of arrow poison tree.
Describe the physiology of kivai.
Describe the physiology of muricu.
Describe the physiology of murichu.
Describe the physiology of merez.
Describe the physiology of marid.
Describe the physiology of keliot.
Describe the physiology of karraru (Borana).
Describe the physiology of k'arraaru (Gabra).
Describe the physiology of kelyot (Kipsigis).
Describe the physiology of olmorijoi (Maa).
Describe the physiology of mururu (Meru).
Describe the physiology of kelion (Pokot).
Describe the physiology of ilmorijoi (Samburu).
Describe the physiology of kelyon (Tugen).
Describe the physiology of ruffle palm.
Describe the physiology of coyure palm.
Describe the physiology of corozo.
Describe the physiology of maracay.
Describe the physiology of marará.
Describe the physiology of macagüita.
Describe the physiology of pale serviceberry.
Describe the physiology of pallid serviceberry.
Describe the physiology of Utah serviceberry.
Describe the physiology of western serviceberry.
Describe the physiology of saskatoon serviceberry.
Describe the physiology of bergamot orange.
Describe the physiology of hollyhock mallow.
Describe the physiology of large-flowered mallow.
Describe the physiology of pink mallow.
Describe the physiology of European mallow.
Describe the physiology of vervain mallow.
Describe the physiology of sigmarswurz.
Describe the physiology of vijfdelig kaasjeskruid.
Describe the physiology of Serpylli herba.
Describe the physiology of Aetheroleum serpylli.
Describe the physiology of hollyhock.
Describe the physiology of Malvac arboreae flos.
Describe the physiology of great angelica.
Describe the physiology of purplestem angelica.
Describe the physiology of alexanders.
Describe the physiology of American angelica.
Describe the physiology of high angelica.
Describe the physiology of purple angelica.
Describe the physiology of masterwort.
Describe the physiology of catchthorn.
Describe the physiology of musau.
Describe the physiology of khash.
Describe the physiology of khashkhash abiad.
Describe the physiology of khshkhash.
Describe the physiology of pink jacaranda.
Describe the physiology of mtafuna panya.
Describe the physiology of halleko.
Describe the physiology of African moringa tree.
Describe the physiology of cabbage tree.
Describe the physiology of kohlbaum.
Describe the physiology of malung-gay.
Describe the physiology of murunga-Kai.
Describe the physiology of sohnja.
Describe the physiology of wocheletcha.
Describe the physiology of wolayetgna.
Describe the physiology of guanaguanare.
Describe the physiology of palo de garza.
Describe the physiology of ambelania.
Describe the physiology of pepino do mato.
Describe the physiology of pepino-do-mato.
Describe the physiology of pepino-doce.
Describe the physiology of pau-de-leite.
Describe the physiology of ambélanier acide.
Describe the physiology of graines-biche.
Describe the physiology of papaye biche.
Describe the physiology of quimbé-dents.
Describe the physiology of camelina.
Describe the physiology of false flax.
Describe the physiology of gold-of-pleasure.
Describe the physiology of gergelim bastardo.
Describe the physiology of Siberian oilseed.
Describe the physiology of garlic.
Describe the physiology of cultivated garlic.
Describe the physiology of ail.
Describe the physiology of aglio.
Describe the physiology of ajo.
Describe the physiology of kaliki.
Describe the physiology of Knoblauch.
Describe the physiology of vitlök.
Describe the physiology of hvidløg.
Describe the physiology of thum.
Describe the physiology of knoflook.
Describe the physiology of alho.
Describe the physiology of alho de cultura.
Describe the physiology of chesnok.
Describe the physiology of ninniku.
Describe the physiology of suan.
Describe the physiology of Bulbus Allii Sativi.
Describe the physiology of garlic oil.
Describe the physiology of annatto.
Describe the physiology of lipstick tree.
Describe the physiology of achiote.
Describe the physiology of urucum.
Describe the physiology of anato.
Describe the physiology of arnato.
Describe the physiology of bija.
Describe the physiology of bijol.
Describe the physiology of bixa.
Describe the physiology of roucou.
Describe the physiology of bixin.
Describe the physiology of black mustard.
Describe the physiology of brown mustard.
Describe the physiology of mustard.
Describe the physiology of red mustard.
Describe the physiology of yellow mustard.
Describe the physiology of wedlock.
Describe the physiology of yellow mustard seed.
Describe the physiology of indian mustard.
Describe the physiology of moutarde noire.
Describe the physiology of moutarde brune.
Describe the physiology of moutarde de l'Inde.
Describe the physiology of moutarde de Chine.
Describe the physiology of chou noir.
Describe the physiology of mostaza negra.
Describe the physiology of mostaza de India.
Describe the physiology of khardal aswad.
Describe the physiology of mostarda negra.
Describe the physiology of mostarda preta.
Describe the physiology of senape nero.
Describe the physiology of brunsenap.
Describe the physiology of svartsenap.
Describe the physiology of sennep.
Describe the physiology of sort sennep.
Describe the physiology of bruine mosterd.
Describe the physiology of zwarte mosterd.
Describe the physiology of junceamosterd.
Describe the physiology of sareptamosterd.
Describe the physiology of must kapsasrohi.
Describe the physiology of mustardo.
Describe the physiology of sinapo.
Describe the physiology of mustasinappi.
Describe the physiology of moster.
Describe the physiology of Schwarzer Senf.
Describe the physiology of Schwarz Senf.
Describe the physiology of Senfkohl.
Describe the physiology of Braunsenf.
Describe the physiology of kruv shachor.
Describe the physiology of hardal shador.
Describe the physiology of fekete mustármag.
Describe the physiology of barna mustarmag.
Describe the physiology of svartsennep.
Describe the physiology of kapusta czarna.
Describe the physiology of kapusta gorczyca.
Describe the physiology of gorczyca czarna.
Describe the physiology of gorchítsa chërnyi.
Describe the physiology of kara hardal.
Describe the physiology of siyah hardal.
Describe the physiology of tohumu.
Describe the physiology of moustarda.
Describe the physiology of sinaposporos.
Describe the physiology of mustaroskorn.
Describe the physiology of mustasa.
Describe the physiology of kadugu.
Describe the physiology of senafich.
Describe the physiology of rai.
Describe the physiology of lal sarsu.
Describe the physiology of biji savi.
Describe the physiology of mohari.
Describe the physiology of spandaan.
Describe the physiology of kuro garashi.
Describe the physiology of krishnikaa.
Describe the physiology of abba.
Describe the physiology of haradali.
Describe the physiology of cinnamon.
Describe the physiology of true cinnamon.
Describe the physiology of canela.
Describe the physiology of cannelle.
Describe the physiology of Zimt.
Describe the physiology of kanel.
Describe the physiology of qurfa.
Describe the physiology of kaneel.
Describe the physiology of cannella.
Describe the physiology of koritsa.
Describe the physiology of seiron-nikkei.
Describe the physiology of jou-kuei.
Describe the physiology of jou-kwei.
Describe the physiology of Cortex Cinnamomi.
Describe the physiology of turmeric.
Describe the physiology of common turmeric.
Describe the physiology of long turmeric.
Describe the physiology of curcuma.
Describe the physiology of safran des indes.
Describe the physiology of kurkuma-gelbwurzel.
Describe the physiology of gurkmeja.
Describe the physiology of kurkum.
Describe the physiology of geelwortel.
Describe the physiology of acafrao-da-India.
Describe the physiology of zholty imbir'.
Describe the physiology of ukon.
Describe the physiology of yu-chin.
Describe the physiology of cago.
Describe the physiology of rerega.
Describe the physiology of haldi.
Describe the physiology of kunyit.
Describe the physiology of temu kunyit.
Describe the physiology of ro miet.
Describe the physiology of kunir.
Describe the physiology of komeng.
Describe the physiology of khi min.
Describe the physiology of khmin khun.
Describe the physiology of tius.
Describe the physiology of lavar.
Describe the physiology of tamaravirua.
Describe the physiology of aruq as-suff.
Describe the physiology of zard-cholic.
Describe the physiology of dilaw.
Describe the physiology of kalabaga.
Describe the physiology of kunik.
Describe the physiology of ango.
Describe the physiology of ango hina.
Describe the physiology of renga.
Describe the physiology of re'a.
Describe the physiology of avea.
Describe the physiology of ago.
Describe the physiology of tale's.
Describe the physiology of ena.
Describe the physiology of khamin.
Describe the physiology of khamin kaeng.
Describe the physiology of khamin chan.
Describe the physiology of nghe.
Describe the physiology of nghe vang.
Describe the physiology of uat kim.
Describe the physiology of khuong hoang.
Describe the physiology of co hem.
Describe the physiology of co khan min.
Describe the physiology of khinh luong.
Describe the physiology of West Indian lemon grass.
Describe the physiology of sere grass.
Describe the physiology of lemon grass.
Describe the physiology of ginger grass.
Describe the physiology of citronella grass.
Describe the physiology of fever grass.
Describe the physiology of citronnelle.
Describe the physiology of baroni.
Describe the physiology of belioko.
Describe the physiology of cha phiéc.
Describe the physiology of ha wo.
Describe the physiology of hau sing khai.
Describe the physiology of huong mao.
Describe the physiology of mò b'lang.
Describe the physiology of phac châu.
Describe the physiology of pirheghans.
Describe the physiology of sà.
Describe the physiology of salai.
Describe the physiology of sereh.
Describe the physiology of tanglad.
Describe the physiology of takhrai.
Describe the physiology of tapo.
Describe the physiology of ce kala.
Describe the physiology of nche awuta.
Describe the physiology of ahihia tii.
Describe the physiology of hhashel laymum.
Describe the physiology of koriko oyibo.
Describe the physiology of koko oba.
Describe the physiology of cardamom.
Describe the physiology of cardamomo.
Describe the physiology of cardamome.
Describe the physiology of kardamom.
Describe the physiology of kardemom.
Describe the physiology of elachi.
Describe the physiology of hal.
Describe the physiology of karudamon.
Describe the physiology of pai tou k'ou.
Describe the physiology of kardomom.
Describe the physiology of kardemome.
Describe the physiology of bay leaves.
Describe the physiology of laurel leaves.
Describe the physiology of laurel.
Describe the physiology of laurier.
Describe the physiology of Lorbeer.
Describe the physiology of Lorbeerbaum.
Describe the physiology of lager.
Describe the physiology of ghar.
Describe the physiology of alloro.
Describe the physiology of loureiro.
Describe the physiology of lauerbær blade.
Describe the physiology of lavr.
Describe the physiology of gekkeiju.
Describe the physiology of yueh-kuei.
Describe the physiology of Japanese mint.
Describe the physiology of (<b>Both for nutmeg and mace</b>):-.
Describe the physiology of nutmeg.
Describe the physiology of Semen Myristicae.
Describe the physiology of gewz.
Describe the physiology of gasbasa.
Describe the physiology of josat al teeb.
Describe the physiology of mutwinda.
Describe the physiology of rou dou kou.
Describe the physiology of jon tou k'ou.
Describe the physiology of jon tau kau.
Describe the physiology of tau kau.
Describe the physiology of nootmuskaat.
Describe the physiology of muskatnød.
Describe the physiology of lõhnav muskaadipuu.
Describe the physiology of muskottipähkin.
Describe the physiology of djus hendi.
Describe the physiology of noix de muscade.
Describe the physiology of muscade.
Describe the physiology of Muskatnuß.
Describe the physiology of jayfal.
Describe the physiology of jaiphal.
Describe the physiology of taifal.
Describe the physiology of kathal.
Describe the physiology of szerecsendió.
Describe the physiology of múskat.
Describe the physiology of pala.
Describe the physiology of noce moscata.
Describe the physiology of nikuzuku.
Describe the physiology of pock kak.
Describe the physiology of chan thed.
Describe the physiology of buah pala.
Describe the physiology of kembang pala.
Describe the physiology of pokok pala.
Describe the physiology of jayphal.
Describe the physiology of muskatnøtt.
Describe the physiology of noz moscada.
Describe the physiology of muskatniy orekh.
Describe the physiology of jatiphala.
Describe the physiology of sadikka.
Describe the physiology of moscada.
Describe the physiology of nuez moscada.
Describe the physiology of muskotnöt.
Describe the physiology of duguan.
Describe the physiology of chan thet.
Describe the physiology of luk chand.
Describe the physiology of chan ban.
Describe the physiology of zati.
Describe the physiology of dza ti.
Describe the physiology of küçük hindistancevizi.
Describe the physiology of mace.
Describe the physiology of foelie.
Describe the physiology of muskottikukka.
Describe the physiology of fleur de muscade.
Describe the physiology of macis.
Describe the physiology of German Muskatblüte.
Describe the physiology of jaypatri.
Describe the physiology of javitri.
Describe the physiology of javinthri.
Describe the physiology of szerecsendió virág.
Describe the physiology of múskath‡›i.
Describe the physiology of masi.
Describe the physiology of sekar pala.
Describe the physiology of fuli.
Describe the physiology of Norwegian muskatblomme.
Describe the physiology of sushonaya shelukha.
Describe the physiology of muskatnogo orekha.
Describe the physiology of jatipatra.
Describe the physiology of wasa-vasi.
Describe the physiology of macia.
Describe the physiology of muskotblomma.
Describe the physiology of dok chand.
Describe the physiology of dau khau.
Describe the physiology of nhuc dau khau.
Describe the physiology of parsley.
Describe the physiology of persil.
Describe the physiology of Petersilie.
Describe the physiology of prezzemolo.
Describe the physiology of perejil.
Describe the physiology of persilja.
Describe the physiology of persille.
Describe the physiology of baqdunis.
Describe the physiology of peterselie.
Describe the physiology of salsa.
Describe the physiology of pyetrushka.
Describe the physiology of paseri.
Describe the physiology of yang-hu-sui.
Describe the physiology of Petroselini folium.
Describe the physiology of Petroselini radix.
Describe the physiology of black pepper.
Describe the physiology of Madagascar pepper.
Describe the physiology of pepper.
Describe the physiology of pimienta.
Describe the physiology of poivre.
Describe the physiology of pfeffer.
Describe the physiology of pimenta preta.
Describe the physiology of pimenta do reino.
Describe the physiology of peppar.
Describe the physiology of filfil aswad.
Describe the physiology of peper.
Describe the physiology of pepe.
Describe the physiology of pimenta.
Describe the physiology of pyerets.
Describe the physiology of kasho.
Describe the physiology of hu-vhiao.
Describe the physiology of patchouli.
Describe the physiology of red clover.
Describe the physiology of broad red clover.
Describe the physiology of broad-leaved clover.
Describe the physiology of purple clover.
Describe the physiology of meadow clover.
Describe the physiology of honey-stalks.
Describe the physiology of honeysuckle clover.
Describe the physiology of trefle des pres.
Describe the physiology of trefle rouge.
Describe the physiology of trefle commun.
Describe the physiology of Rotklee.
Describe the physiology of trifoglio pratense.
Describe the physiology of raudkløver.
Describe the physiology of rød-kløver.
Describe the physiology of puna-apila.
Describe the physiology of rau›smári.
Describe the physiology of trevo dos prados.
Describe the physiology of trebol comun.
Describe the physiology of rödklöver.
Describe the physiology of rödväpling.
Describe the physiology of mjölontuppor.
Describe the physiology of Trifolii albi et rubri flos.
Describe the physiology of nasturtium.
Describe the physiology of kappertjies.
Describe the physiology of vanilla.
Describe the physiology of vanille.
Describe the physiology of baunilha.
Describe the physiology of vaniglia.
Describe the physiology of vanilj.
Describe the physiology of wanila.
Describe the physiology of banira.
Describe the physiology of hsiang-Ts'ao.
Describe the physiology of vanil'.
Describe the physiology of vanilie.
Describe the physiology of panili.
Describe the physiology of anggrek.
Describe the physiology of waanilaa.
Describe the physiology of tlilxochitl.
Describe the physiology of ginger.
Describe the physiology of true ginger.
Describe the physiology of stem ginger.
Describe the physiology of Canton ginger.
Describe the physiology of gingembre.
Describe the physiology of gember.
Describe the physiology of ingwer.
Describe the physiology of zenzero.
Describe the physiology of gengibre.
Describe the physiology of beladi.
Describe the physiology of mangarataia.
Describe the physiology of jengibre.
Describe the physiology of ingefaera.
Describe the physiology of ingefær.
Describe the physiology of zanjabil.
Describe the physiology of imbir'.
Describe the physiology of shoga.
Describe the physiology of chiang.
Describe the physiology of kopakai (Cook I).
Describe the physiology of cagolaya ni vavalagi.
Describe the physiology of poloi (Niue).
Describe the physiology of 'ava pui.
Describe the physiology of papasa (Simbo).
Describe the physiology of pasapasa (Roviana).
Describe the physiology of zingibil.
Describe the physiology of dendabil.
Describe the physiology of European oregano.
Describe the physiology of wild majoram.
Describe the physiology of winter marjoram.
Describe the physiology of oregano.
Describe the physiology of anrar.
Describe the physiology of origan.
Describe the physiology of dost.
Describe the physiology of vild mejram.
Describe the physiology of wilde marjolein.
Describe the physiology of regamo.
Describe the physiology of ouregao.
Describe the physiology of dushitsa.
Describe the physiology of Rungia.
Describe the physiology of garden thyme.
Describe the physiology of common thyme.
Describe the physiology of thyme.
Describe the physiology of thym.
Describe the physiology of Thymian.
Describe the physiology of tomillo.
Describe the physiology of timjan.
Describe the physiology of timian.
Describe the physiology of sa'tar.
Describe the physiology of tijm.
Describe the physiology of timo.
Describe the physiology of tomilho.
Describe the physiology of tim'yan.
Describe the physiology of jakoso.
Describe the physiology of pai-li-hsiang.
Describe the physiology of Thymi vulgaris herba.
Describe the physiology of Aetherolum thymi.
Describe the physiology of cloves.
Describe the physiology of clove.
Describe the physiology of tropical myrtle.
Describe the physiology of clavo.
Describe the physiology of girofle.
Describe the physiology of clous de giroffle.
Describe the physiology of clou de girofle.
Describe the physiology of giroffles.
Describe the physiology of giroflier.
Describe the physiology of clavos de especial.
Describe the physiology of clavero.
Describe the physiology of cenkeh.
Describe the physiology of lay-hnyin.
Describe the physiology of khan phluu.
Describe the physiology of kaanz phuu.
Describe the physiology of kan phlu.
Describe the physiology of dinh huong.
Describe the physiology of Gewürznelke.
Describe the physiology of Gewürznägelein.
Describe the physiology of Kreidenelke.
Describe the physiology of Nelke.
Describe the physiology of Nägelein.
Describe the physiology of kryddnejlika.
Describe the physiology of krydder nelliker.
Describe the physiology of qaranful.
Describe the physiology of kruidnagel.
Describe the physiology of garofano.
Describe the physiology of chiodi di garofano.
Describe the physiology of cravo.
Describe the physiology of cvozdika.
Describe the physiology of choji.
Describe the physiology of ting-hsiang.
Describe the physiology of karanfil.
Describe the physiology of schafgarbe.
Describe the physiology of millefeuille.
Describe the physiology of yarrow.
Describe the physiology of thousand-leaf.
Describe the physiology of milfoil.
Describe the physiology of Flores Millefolii.
Describe the physiology of Herba Millefolii.
Describe the physiology of Folia Millefolii.
Describe the physiology of calamus.
Describe the physiology of sweetflag.
Describe the physiology of acore vrai.
Describe the physiology of kalmus.
Describe the physiology of bojo.
Describe the physiology of kull.
Describe the physiology of bach.
Describe the physiology of makkalmoes.
Describe the physiology of ikalamuzi.
Describe the physiology of Rhizoma Calami mundatae.
Describe the physiology of Rhizoma Calami crudae.
Describe the physiology of Calami radix.
Describe the physiology of wood garlic.
Describe the physiology of ramsons.
Describe the physiology of bear's garlic.
Describe the physiology of gypsy onion.
Describe the physiology of alho dos bosques.
Describe the physiology of aloe.
Describe the physiology of bitter aloe.
Describe the physiology of bitteraalwyn.
Describe the physiology of kaapse aalwyn.
Describe the physiology of umhlaba.
Describe the physiology of iNhlaba.
Describe the physiology of iKhala.
Describe the physiology of Lemon Verbena.
Describe the physiology of southernwood.
Describe the physiology of lad's love.
Describe the physiology of old-man.
Describe the physiology of brotan.
Describe the physiology of abrotanum.
Describe the physiology of abrotano.
Describe the physiology of flor de Diana.
Describe the physiology of erva lombrigueira.
Describe the physiology of common wormwood.
Describe the physiology of wormwood herb.
Describe the physiology of mugwort.
Describe the physiology of absinthe.
Describe the physiology of Wermutkraut.
Describe the physiology of absintio.
Describe the physiology of sintro.
Describe the physiology of losna maior.
Describe the physiology of Herba Absinthii cum floribus.
Describe the physiology of Absinthii folium.
Describe the physiology of Absinthii herba.
Describe the physiology of Aetheroleum absinthii.
Describe the physiology of green ginger.
Describe the physiology of yerba maestra.
Describe the physiology of Ajenjo.
Describe the physiology of Altamisa.
Describe the physiology of estafiate.
Describe the physiology of tarragon.
Describe the physiology of dragonwort.
Describe the physiology of estragon.
Describe the physiology of dragon.
Describe the physiology of tarkhun.
Describe the physiology of targone.
Describe the physiology of estragao.
Describe the physiology of ai-hao.
Describe the physiology of Dracunculi folium.
Describe the physiology of Dracunculi herba.
Describe the physiology of Aetheroleum dracunculi.
Describe the physiology of tarragon.
Describe the physiology of estragon.
Describe the physiology of dragonwort.
Describe the physiology of felonherb.
Describe the physiology of sailor's-tobacco.
Describe the physiology of mugwort.
Describe the physiology of estragao.
Describe the physiology of Artemisiae vulgaris herba.
Describe the physiology of Artemisiae vulgaris radix.
Describe the physiology of azolla.
Describe the physiology of beo-dau.
Describe the physiology of self-heal.
Describe the physiology of Brazilwood.
Describe the physiology of sappanwood.
Describe the physiology of sappan.
Describe the physiology of pau-Brasil.
Describe the physiology of sapao.
Describe the physiology of pau de sapao.
Describe the physiology of bois sappan.
Describe the physiology of gango.
Describe the physiology of sappan Wood Tree.
Describe the physiology of pot marigold.
Describe the physiology of marigold calendula.
Describe the physiology of Calendulae flos cum calycibus.
Describe the physiology of Calendulae flos sine calycibus.
Describe the physiology of Calendulae herba.
Describe the physiology of heather.
Describe the physiology of common heather.
Describe the physiology of white heather.
Describe the physiology of Scotch heather.
Describe the physiology of moor beson.
Describe the physiology of ling.
Describe the physiology of bruyere.
Describe the physiology of Besenheide.
Describe the physiology of brugo.
Describe the physiology of urze dos montes.
Describe the physiology of urze ordinaria.
Describe the physiology of carrasquinha.
Describe the physiology of caluna.
Describe the physiology of queiro'.
Describe the physiology of magrica.
Describe the physiology of mongarica.
Describe the physiology of quebra-panelas.
Describe the physiology of brezo.
Describe the physiology of höstljung.
Describe the physiology of røsslyng.
Describe the physiology of hedelyng.
Describe the physiology of kanerva.
Describe the physiology of beitillyng.
Describe the physiology of feverfew.
Describe the physiology of Chrysanthemi parthenii herba.
Describe the physiology of Chrysanthemi flos.
Describe the physiology of cassia.
Describe the physiology of Chinese cassia.
Describe the physiology of Chinese cinnamon.
Describe the physiology of canela de la China.
Describe the physiology of cannelle de cochinchine.
Describe the physiology of zimtkassie.
Describe the physiology of kassia.
Describe the physiology of darasini.
Describe the physiology of bokei.
Describe the physiology of kuei.
Describe the physiology of kwei.
Describe the physiology of blessed thistle.
Describe the physiology of holy thistle.
Describe the physiology of St. Benedict thistle.
Describe the physiology of karmedic.
Describe the physiology of chardon benit.
Describe the physiology of Benediktendistel.
Describe the physiology of Cardui benedicti herba.
Describe the physiology of Cnici benedicti herba.
Describe the physiology of saffron.
Describe the physiology of safran.
Describe the physiology of azafran.
Describe the physiology of saffran.
Describe the physiology of za'faran.
Describe the physiology of saffraan.
Describe the physiology of zafferano.
Describe the physiology of acafrao.
Describe the physiology of shafran.
Describe the physiology of safuran.
Describe the physiology of fan-hung-hua.
Describe the physiology of Stigma Croci.
Describe the physiology of kuma-kuma.
Describe the physiology of sapran.
Describe the physiology of romiet.
Describe the physiology of cumin.
Describe the physiology of cumin seed.
Describe the physiology of comino.
Describe the physiology of romischer kummel.
Describe the physiology of spiskummin.
Describe the physiology of kammun.
Describe the physiology of komijn.
Describe the physiology of cominho.
Describe the physiology of kmin.
Describe the physiology of ma-ch'in.
Describe the physiology of asafoetida.
Describe the physiology of devil's dung.
Describe the physiology of assafetida.
Describe the physiology of ingo.
Describe the physiology of great yellow gentian.
Describe the physiology of yellow gentian.
Describe the physiology of bitterwort.
Describe the physiology of gallweed.
Describe the physiology of genciana das boticas.
Describe the physiology of genciana da Europa.
Describe the physiology of genciana das farmacias.
Describe the physiology of gencionela.
Describe the physiology of argencana dos pastores.
Describe the physiology of liquorice.
Describe the physiology of liquorice root.
Describe the physiology of réglisse.
Describe the physiology of Süssholz.
Describe the physiology of soethoutwortel.
Describe the physiology of mlomo-mnandi.
Describe the physiology of mulaithi.
Describe the physiology of khosha walgi.
Describe the physiology of rubussusa.
Describe the physiology of bikhe mahaka.
Describe the physiology of liquirizia.
Describe the physiology of regaliz.
Describe the physiology of sweet wood.
Describe the physiology of réglisse glabre.
Describe the physiology of réglisse officinale.
Describe the physiology of meyan kok.
Describe the physiology of meyan otu.
Describe the physiology of biyan kok.
Describe the physiology of ayi kulozi.
Describe the physiology of azrar azidane.
Describe the physiology of shagaret es-sûs.
Describe the physiology of erqsûs.
Describe the physiology of hyssop.
Describe the physiology of hysope.
Describe the physiology of Ysop.
Describe the physiology of Isop.
Describe the physiology of Hyssopi herba.
Describe the physiology of Aetheroleum hyssopi.
Describe the physiology of ilex.
Describe the physiology of English holly.
Describe the physiology of European holly.
Describe the physiology of Christmas holly.
Describe the physiology of Dutch holly.
Describe the physiology of houx.
Describe the physiology of agrifoglio.
Describe the physiology of Stechpalme.
Describe the physiology of Stecheiche.
Describe the physiology of Hülse.
Describe the physiology of azevinho.
Describe the physiology of pica-folha.
Describe the physiology of zebro.
Describe the physiology of teio.
Describe the physiology of acebo.
Describe the physiology of true lavender.
Describe the physiology of lavender.
Describe the physiology of lavande.
Describe the physiology of Lavendel.
Describe the physiology of lavanda.
Describe the physiology of Lavandulae flos.
Describe the physiology of Aetheroleum lavandulae.
Describe the physiology of bladder-pod.
Describe the physiology of Fendlers bladderpod.
Describe the physiology of yellow-top.
Describe the physiology of desert mustard.
Describe the physiology of lemon-scented verbena.
Describe the physiology of Luiza.
Describe the physiology of barsunga.
Describe the physiology of pindosin.
Describe the physiology of pyim daw thein.
Describe the physiology of karry blad.
Describe the physiology of kerriebladeren.
Describe the physiology of curry leaves.
Describe the physiology of nim leaves.
Describe the physiology of feuilles de Cari.
Describe the physiology of feuilles de curry.
Describe the physiology of caloupilé (Réunion).
Describe the physiology of carripoulé (Ile Maurice).
Describe the physiology of Curryblätter.
Describe the physiology of mitho limdo.
Describe the physiology of meetha neem.
Describe the physiology of kari patta.
Describe the physiology of katneem.
Describe the physiology of bursunga.
Describe the physiology of curry levelek.
Describe the physiology of karrílauf.
Describe the physiology of daun kari.
Describe the physiology of fogli di Cari.
Describe the physiology of karibevu.
Describe the physiology of khi be.
Describe the physiology of daun kari pla.
Describe the physiology of karupillam.
Describe the physiology of kareapela.
Describe the physiology of karipat.
Describe the physiology of karhi patta.
Describe the physiology of basango.
Describe the physiology of bowala.
Describe the physiology of girinimba.
Describe the physiology of suravi.
Describe the physiology of karapincha.
Describe the physiology of hoja.
Describe the physiology of bizari.
Describe the physiology of mchuzi.
Describe the physiology of bignay.
Describe the physiology of karuvepila.
Describe the physiology of karuveppilai.
Describe the physiology of karepeku.
Describe the physiology of karivepaku.
Describe the physiology of bai karee.
Describe the physiology of chalcas koenigii.
Describe the physiology of common myrtle.
Describe the physiology of fennel-flower.
Describe the physiology of black cumin.
Describe the physiology of black caraway.
Describe the physiology of gith.
Describe the physiology of nutmeg flower.
Describe the physiology of ragged lady.
Describe the physiology of Roman coriander.
Describe the physiology of kalonji.
Describe the physiology of nigelle de Crete.
Describe the physiology of schwarzkuemmel.
Describe the physiology of nigela.
Describe the physiology of garidela.
Describe the physiology of cominho negro.
Describe the physiology of ajenuz.
Describe the physiology of aranue.
Describe the physiology of tikur-azmud.
Describe the physiology of holy basil.
Describe the physiology of sacred basil.
Describe the physiology of monk's basil.
Describe the physiology of Ocimi Tenuiflori Folium.
Describe the physiology of albahaca.
Describe the physiology of balanoy.
Describe the physiology of solasi.
Describe the physiology of sulasi.
Describe the physiology of kolon-kogon.
Describe the physiology of biday.
Describe the physiology of domele.
Describe the physiology of tulsi.
Describe the physiology of e do.
Describe the physiology of e tia.
Describe the physiology of huong nhu tía.
Describe the physiology of ho kwo su.
Describe the physiology of ho tu plu.
Describe the physiology of kraphrao.
Describe the physiology of kamangi.
Describe the physiology of kamangkau.
Describe the physiology of lampes.
Describe the physiology of luku-luku.
Describe the physiology of magau.
Describe the physiology of malinau.
Describe the physiology of tulsipatra.
Describe the physiology of kaataigau.
Describe the physiology of kolokoko.
Describe the physiology of kalikago.
Describe the physiology of kaluoy.
Describe the physiology of stubwort.
Describe the physiology of wood shamrock.
Describe the physiology of Irish shamrock.
Describe the physiology of sour trefoil.
Describe the physiology of sleeping clover.
Describe the physiology of hallelujah.
Describe the physiology of azeda.
Describe the physiology of oxalide.
Describe the physiology of oxalida.
Describe the physiology of wood sorrel.
Describe the physiology of rose geranium.
Describe the physiology of bourbon geranium.
Describe the physiology of perilla.
Describe the physiology of beefsteak plant.
Describe the physiology of Chinese basil.
Describe the physiology of rattlesnake weed.
Describe the physiology of purple common perilla.
Describe the physiology of shiso.
Describe the physiology of wild basil.
Describe the physiology of zi su.
Describe the physiology of tyu ssu.
Describe the physiology of yeh ssu.
Describe the physiology of chi ssu.
Describe the physiology of kinesisk mynte.
Describe the physiology of veripeippi.
Describe the physiology of schwarznessel.
Describe the physiology of Chinesische melisse.
Describe the physiology of bhanjira.
Describe the physiology of Kínai bazsalikom.
Describe the physiology of vad szezám.
Describe the physiology of daun shiso.
Describe the physiology of egoma.
Describe the physiology of aka-shiso.
Describe the physiology of akajiso.
Describe the physiology of ao-shiso.
Describe the physiology of aojiso.
Describe the physiology of kkaennip.
Describe the physiology of tulkkae.
Describe the physiology of nga chien chin.
Describe the physiology of nga chieng.
Describe the physiology of bladmynta.
Describe the physiology of nag-mon.
Describe the physiology of nga-khi-mon.
Describe the physiology of tia to.
Describe the physiology of la tia to.
Describe the physiology of tu to.
Describe the physiology of anise.
Describe the physiology of anise seed.
Describe the physiology of anis.
Describe the physiology of yanisun.
Describe the physiology of anijs.
Describe the physiology of anice.
Describe the physiology of erva-doce.
Describe the physiology of huei-hsiang.
Describe the physiology of Anisi fructus.
Describe the physiology of Aetheroleum anisi.
Describe the physiology of burnet saxifrage.
Describe the physiology of mountain pine.
Describe the physiology of Swiss mountain pine.
Describe the physiology of dwarf mountain pine.
Describe the physiology of dwarf pine.
Describe the physiology of Mugho pine.
Describe the physiology of knee pine.
Describe the physiology of creeping pine.
Describe the physiology of pin de montagne.
Describe the physiology of pino montano.
Describe the physiology of Bergkiefer.
Describe the physiology of Latsche.
Describe the physiology of pinheiro de Mugo.
Describe the physiology of Indian long pepper.
Describe the physiology of jaborandi pepper.
Describe the physiology of pippali.
Describe the physiology of thippali.
Describe the physiology of piper.
Describe the physiology of pepper long.
Describe the physiology of Piperis Langi Fructus.
Describe the physiology of mastic tree.
Describe the physiology of lentisk.
Describe the physiology of mastich.
Describe the physiology of pistachio.
Describe the physiology of lentisque.
Describe the physiology of mastikboom.
Describe the physiology of lentisco.
Describe the physiology of mastixbaum.
Describe the physiology of mastixstrauch.
Describe the physiology of lentisco verdadeiro.
Describe the physiology of almacegueira.
Describe the physiology of daro.
Describe the physiology of daroeira.
Describe the physiology of aroeira da praia.
Describe the physiology of mastiktræ.
Describe the physiology of common polypody.
Describe the physiology of false acacia.
Describe the physiology of bastard acacia.
Describe the physiology of black locust.
Describe the physiology of faux acacia.
Describe the physiology of Akazie.
Describe the physiology of robinie.
Describe the physiology of falsk acacie.
Describe the physiology of robinia.
Describe the physiology of acacia bastarda.
Describe the physiology of robinia falsa acacia.
Describe the physiology of acacia para-sol.
Describe the physiology of Robiniae pseudoacaciae flos.
Describe the physiology of rosemary.
Describe the physiology of rosmarin.
Describe the physiology of rosmarino.
Describe the physiology of romero.
Describe the physiology of romarin.
Describe the physiology of iklil al-jabal.
Describe the physiology of rozemarijn.
Describe the physiology of alecrim.
Describe the physiology of rozmarin.
Describe the physiology of mannenro.
Describe the physiology of mi-teih-hsiang.
Describe the physiology of sheeps sorrel.
Describe the physiology of garden sorrel.
Describe the physiology of sour dock.
Describe the physiology of oseille de jardin.
Describe the physiology of azedinha da horta.
Describe the physiology of Rumicis herba.
Describe the physiology of Rumicis fructus.
Describe the physiology of Rumicis radix.
Describe the physiology of clary sage.
Describe the physiology of clary.
Describe the physiology of clear-eye sage.
Describe the physiology of see-bright.
Describe the physiology of eyelright.
Describe the physiology of muscatel sage.
Describe the physiology of sauge sclaree.
Describe the physiology of muskatellersalbei.
Describe the physiology of esclareia.
Describe the physiology of garden burnet.
Describe the physiology of salad burnet.
Describe the physiology of toper's-plant.
Describe the physiology of pimpinela de Italia.
Describe the physiology of summer savory.
Describe the physiology of savory leaves.
Describe the physiology of savory.
Describe the physiology of sarriette.
Describe the physiology of Bohnenkraut.
Describe the physiology of ajedrea.
Describe the physiology of kyndel.
Describe the physiology of nadgh.
Describe the physiology of bonenkruid.
Describe the physiology of santoreggia.
Describe the physiology of segurelha.
Describe the physiology of chabyor.
Describe the physiology of hsiang po ho.
Describe the physiology of Saturejae herba.
Describe the physiology of Aetheroleum saturejae.
Describe the physiology of hairy-fruited eggplant.
Describe the physiology of Malaysian sunplant.
Describe the physiology of sweet weed.
Describe the physiology of sweet plant.
Describe the physiology of sugar leaf.
Describe the physiology of sweet leaf.
Describe the physiology of honey leaf (Kaaíhe-E).
Describe the physiology of honey grass.
Describe the physiology of Ka´a He´e.
Describe the physiology of Stevia.
Describe the physiology of sweet herb (Caaí-ehe).
Describe the physiology of caa-he-e.
Describe the physiology of caa-ehe.
Describe the physiology of caa-hee.
Describe the physiology of ca-jhe-e.
Describe the physiology of azuca-caa.
Describe the physiology of ca-a-yupe.
Describe the physiology of kaa-he-e.
Describe the physiology of kaa-hee.
Describe the physiology of ka-he-e.
Describe the physiology of yerba dulce.
Describe the physiology of tansy.
Describe the physiology of alecost.
Describe the physiology of golden buttons.
Describe the physiology of balsamin.
Describe the physiology of rejnfan.
Describe the physiology of atanasia das boticas.
Describe the physiology of tanaceto.
Describe the physiology of tanasia.
Describe the physiology of balsamina.
Describe the physiology of Tanaceti herba.
Describe the physiology of Tanaceti flos.
Describe the physiology of aidan tree.
Describe the physiology of wall germander.
Describe the physiology of ædel kortlæbe.
Describe the physiology of camedrios.
Describe the physiology of erva carvalhinha.
Describe the physiology of germander.
Describe the physiology of thyme.
Describe the physiology of wild thyme.
Describe the physiology of mother of thyme.
Describe the physiology of serpolet.
Describe the physiology of thym sauvage.
Describe the physiology of Thymian.
Describe the physiology of wilder Thymian.
Describe the physiology of timian.
Describe the physiology of nib.
Describe the physiology of mwarubaini.
Describe the physiology of barwood.
Describe the physiology of camwood.
Describe the physiology of African sandalwood.
Describe the physiology of baru.
Describe the physiology of yellow tree bauhinia.
Describe the physiology of angelica roxa.
Describe the physiology of common teasel.
Describe the physiology of Fuller's teasel.
Describe the physiology of Fuller's thistle.
Describe the physiology of Fuller's card.
Describe the physiology of Draper's teasel.
Describe the physiology of wild teasel.
Describe the physiology of English teasel.
Describe the physiology of Indian teasel.
Describe the physiology of Venus'- basin.
Describe the physiology of Venus'- bath.
Describe the physiology of clothier's-brush.
Describe the physiology of huttonweed.
Describe the physiology of wood broom.
Describe the physiology of wilde karde.
Describe the physiology of cardo penteador bravo.
Describe the physiology of dipsaco.
Describe the physiology of kardvädd.
Describe the physiology of vild kardvädd.
Describe the physiology of kardeborre.
Describe the physiology of gærde-kartebolle.
Describe the physiology of pikarikarttaohdake.
Describe the physiology of rue.
Describe the physiology of garden rue.
Describe the physiology of herb of grace.
Describe the physiology of wynruit.
Describe the physiology of binnewortel.
Describe the physiology of Rutae herba.
Describe the physiology of glacier wormwood.
Describe the physiology of Alpine wormwood.
Describe the physiology of genepi.
Describe the physiology of butterwort.
Describe the physiology of trumpet gentian.
Describe the physiology of stemless gentian.
Describe the physiology of gentianella.
Describe the physiology of genziana.
Describe the physiology of gentiane.
Describe the physiology of genciana dos jardins.
Describe the physiology of gencianela.
Describe the physiology of genciana.
Describe the physiology of blauer Enzian.
Describe the physiology of masterwort.
Describe the physiology of knob wood.
Describe the physiology of iguga.
Describe the physiology of popioe.
Describe the physiology of mjafari.
Describe the physiology of abelmosk.
Describe the physiology of musk mallow.
Describe the physiology of mushkdan.
Describe the physiology of muskdana.
Describe the physiology of kasturi bhendi.
Describe the physiology of gukhia korai.
Describe the physiology of kasturi bhenda.
Describe the physiology of kattukasturi.
Describe the physiology of varttilai kasturi.
Describe the physiology of lalkasturika.
Describe the physiology of musk okra.
Describe the physiology of ambrette.
Describe the physiology of abelmosco.
Describe the physiology of ambreta.
Describe the physiology of rosa almiscarada.
Describe the physiology of quiabo cheiroso.
Describe the physiology of kasturi.
Describe the physiology of gombo musqué.
Describe the physiology of ketmie musquée.
Describe the physiology of graine de musc.
Describe the physiology of kamang.
Describe the physiology of kaŒmang.
Describe the physiology of karereon.
Describe the physiology of karereon nikapwerik nik.
Describe the physiology of kareron.
Describe the physiology of likonokon.
Describe the physiology of gongul.
Describe the physiology of metei.
Describe the physiology of mety.
Describe the physiology of methey.
Describe the physiology of hathongethong.
Describe the physiology of kamwayang.
Describe the physiology of nikapwerik.
Describe the physiology of setmwechin.
Describe the physiology of sotumo.
Describe the physiology of wakiwaki.
Describe the physiology of wakewake.
Describe the physiology of wakeke.
Describe the physiology of vakeke.
Describe the physiology of aukiki.
Describe the physiology of oŒeŒe.
Describe the physiology of fou ingo.
Describe the physiology of fau ingo.
Describe the physiology of Œaute toga.
Describe the physiology of fau tagaloa.
Describe the physiology of fua samasama.
Describe the physiology of loa.
Describe the physiology of fauŒingo.
Describe the physiology of tropical jewel-hibiscus.
Describe the physiology of Ellington curse.
Describe the physiology of klu.
Describe the physiology of cassie.
Describe the physiology of espino blanco.
Describe the physiology of aroma.
Describe the physiology of popinac.
Describe the physiology of kandaroma.
Describe the physiology of kolu.
Describe the physiology of vaivai vaka-vatona.
Describe the physiology of vaivai vakavotona.
Describe the physiology of ban baburi.
Describe the physiology of oki.
Describe the physiology of te kaibakoa (Kiribati).
Describe the physiology of debena (Nauru).
Describe the physiology of mimosa bush.
Describe the physiology of needle bush.
Describe the physiology of sweet acacia.
Describe the physiology of Prickly Moses.
Describe the physiology of Perfumed wattle.
Describe the physiology of Cassie flower.
Describe the physiology of Sweet Mimosa Bush.
Describe the physiology of Sponge flower.
Describe the physiology of Scented Wattle.
Describe the physiology of lebbek tree.
Describe the physiology of siris-tree.
Describe the physiology of rain tree.
Describe the physiology of East Indian walnut.
Describe the physiology of woman's-tongue tree.
Describe the physiology of woman's tongue tree.
Describe the physiology of chatterbox tree.
Describe the physiology of kokko.
Describe the physiology of bois noir.
Describe the physiology of cha-cha.
Describe the physiology of langue de vieille femme.
Describe the physiology of ébénier d'orient.
Describe the physiology of acacia de lebbek.
Describe the physiology of albizia.
Describe the physiology of acacia siras.
Describe the physiology of coracao de negro.
Describe the physiology of pau-negro.
Describe the physiology of ebano oriental.
Describe the physiology of devil's tree.
Describe the physiology of white cheesewood tree.
Describe the physiology of alstonia.
Describe the physiology of dita bark tree.
Describe the physiology of Australian fever bark tree.
Describe the physiology of Australian quinine bark tree.
Describe the physiology of bitter-bark tree.
Describe the physiology of blackboard tree.
Describe the physiology of chatiyan wood.
Describe the physiology of shaitan.
Describe the physiology of chattun.
Describe the physiology of chatian.
Describe the physiology of chhatiwan.
Describe the physiology of chatiwan.
Describe the physiology of tin pet.
Describe the physiology of dita.
Describe the physiology of khaaniqat al-kalab.
Describe the physiology of shajaratah fi asya al-harrah.
Describe the physiology of scholarsi.
Describe the physiology of may màn.
Describe the physiology of mò cua.
Describe the physiology of mùa cua.
Describe the physiology of co tin pát.
Describe the physiology of palai.
Describe the physiology of pasuit.
Describe the physiology of phaya sattaban.
Describe the physiology of sattaban.
Describe the physiology of polai.
Describe the physiology of sachina.
Describe the physiology of satavan.
Describe the physiology of satuna.
Describe the physiology of alipauen.
Describe the physiology of dalipauen.
Describe the physiology of lava.
Describe the physiology of lipauen.
Describe the physiology of dirita.
Describe the physiology of tanitan.
Describe the physiology of tangitang.
Describe the physiology of andarayan.
Describe the physiology of voplai.
Describe the physiology of chatina (santal).
Describe the physiology of saptaparni (kandha).
Describe the physiology of dubedi (kandha).
Describe the physiology of candle bush.
Describe the physiology of candalabra bush.
Describe the physiology of candle stick.
Describe the physiology of craw craw plant.
Describe the physiology of christmas candle shrub.
Describe the physiology of empress candle plant.
Describe the physiology of ringworm bush.
Describe the physiology of ringworm shrub.
Describe the physiology of roman candletree.
Describe the physiology of senna.
Describe the physiology of winged senna.
Describe the physiology of Cassia Alatae Folium.
Describe the physiology of andadasi.
Describe the physiology of andadasi-ng-bugbugtong.
Describe the physiology of andadasl-a-dadakkel.
Describe the physiology of bai nicagi.
Describe the physiology of cây lâc.
Describe the physiology of muòng trâu.
Describe the physiology of chumhet thet.
Describe the physiology of chumhet yai.
Describe the physiology of dadmurdan.
Describe the physiology of gelenggang.
Describe the physiology of gamot sa buni.
Describe the physiology of pakagonkon.
Describe the physiology of katanda.
Describe the physiology of katandang aso.
Describe the physiology of kapurko.
Describe the physiology of acapulko.
Describe the physiology of akapulko.
Describe the physiology of bayabas-bayabasab.
Describe the physiology of ketepeng cina.
Describe the physiology of la'au fai lafa.
Describe the physiology of mulamula.
Describe the physiology of pakayomkon kastila.
Describe the physiology of ta si pho.
Describe the physiology of te'elango.
Describe the physiology of she oak.
Describe the physiology of south sea ironwood.
Describe the physiology of horsetail tree.
Describe the physiology of nokonoko.
Describe the physiology of te katurina.
Describe the physiology of toa.
Describe the physiology of Australian pine.
Describe the physiology of ironwood.
Describe the physiology of periwinkle.
Describe the physiology of Madagascar periwinkle.
Describe the physiology of Cape periwinkle.
Describe the physiology of red periwinkle.
Describe the physiology of vinca.
Describe the physiology of West Indian cedar.
Describe the physiology of Spanish cedar.
Describe the physiology of Barbados cedar.
Describe the physiology of Mexican cedar.
Describe the physiology of Honduras cedar.
Describe the physiology of kulche.
Describe the physiology of cedro do Mexico.
Describe the physiology of cedro cheiroso.
Describe the physiology of cedro femea.
Describe the physiology of cedrela.
Describe the physiology of quinine tree.
Describe the physiology of cascarilla.
Describe the physiology of quinquina rouge.
Describe the physiology of Chinarindenbaum.
Describe the physiology of Chinarinde.
Describe the physiology of Fieberrinde.
Describe the physiology of camphor tree.
Describe the physiology of camphor.
Describe the physiology of Japanese camphor.
Describe the physiology of camphrier.
Describe the physiology of camphre.
Describe the physiology of alcanforero.
Describe the physiology of alcanfor.
Describe the physiology of arbol del alcanfor.
Describe the physiology of arvore da camphora.
Describe the physiology of árvore-da-camphora.
Describe the physiology of xiang zhang shu.
Describe the physiology of zhang.
Describe the physiology of zhang shu.
Describe the physiology of campher.
Describe the physiology of kampferbaum.
Describe the physiology of karpuram.
Describe the physiology of karpoora.
Describe the physiology of pacchakarpuram.
Describe the physiology of albero della canfora.
Describe the physiology of canfora.
Describe the physiology of canforo.
Describe the physiology of lauro canforo.
Describe the physiology of kuso no ki.
Describe the physiology of karpura.
Describe the physiology of kapuur.
Describe the physiology of kamfornii derevo.
Describe the physiology of kamformii lavr.
Describe the physiology of korihnik kamfornii.
Describe the physiology of karpuramu.
Describe the physiology of kafur.
Describe the physiology of patckafur.
Describe the physiology of sunn hemp.
Describe the physiology of Bengal hemp.
Describe the physiology of chinchín.
Describe the physiology of couch grass.
Describe the physiology of Bermuda grass.
Describe the physiology of green couch.
Describe the physiology of wiregrass.
Describe the physiology of devilgrass.
Describe the physiology of chepica brave.
Describe the physiology of came de niño.
Describe the physiology of pate de perdiz.
Describe the physiology of gramilla blanca.
Describe the physiology of hierba-fina.
Describe the physiology of kabuta.
Describe the physiology of kweekgras.
Describe the physiology of durba.
Describe the physiology of khabbal ghass.
Describe the physiology of dhoub grass.
Describe the physiology of griming.
Describe the physiology of tigriston.
Describe the physiology of thornapple.
Describe the physiology of stramonium.
Describe the physiology of jimson weed.
Describe the physiology of Jamestown weed.
Describe the physiology of Jamestown lily.
Describe the physiology of devil's trumpet.
Describe the physiology of stinkweed.
Describe the physiology of pomme épineuse.
Describe the physiology of datura.
Describe the physiology of stechapfel.
Describe the physiology of estramonio.
Describe the physiology of alhendros.
Describe the physiology of figueira do Inferno.
Describe the physiology of zabumba.
Describe the physiology of mamoninho bravo.
Describe the physiology of mamoninho de carneiro.
Describe the physiology of nafir.
Describe the physiology of taturah.
Describe the physiology of tabourzigt.
Describe the physiology of tidilla.
Describe the physiology of stromoine.
Describe the physiology of herbe aux sorcières.
Describe the physiology of dature.
Describe the physiology of herbe du diable.
Describe the physiology of pomme du diable.
Describe the physiology of tollkraut.
Describe the physiology of spikklubba.
Describe the physiology of piggeple.
Describe the physiology of pigæble.
Describe the physiology of hulluruoho.
Describe the physiology of attefaris.
Describe the physiology of astenagrt.
Describe the physiology of Royal poinciana.
Describe the physiology of flamboyant tree.
Describe the physiology of flamboyant acacia.
Describe the physiology of gul mohur.
Describe the physiology of fancy-Anna.
Describe the physiology of flame tree.
Describe the physiology of peacock flower.
Describe the physiology of flamboyante.
Describe the physiology of flamboyán.
Describe the physiology of acacia flamejante.
Describe the physiology of flamboiante.
Describe the physiology of acacia rubra.
Describe the physiology of poinciana.
Describe the physiology of flor de pavao.
Describe the physiology of arbol del fuego.
Describe the physiology of atbot (Guam).
Describe the physiology of atbut.
Describe the physiology of atbot det fuegu.
Describe the physiology of nangiosákura (Palau).
Describe the physiology of nangyo.
Describe the physiology of pilampwoia weitahta (Pohnpei).
Describe the physiology of sakuranirow (Yap).
Describe the physiology of sekoula (Fiji).
Describe the physiology of ohai'.
Describe the physiology of Œohai.
Describe the physiology of ngatipa (Cook Islands).
Describe the physiology of avarua (Rarotonga.
Describe the physiology of Cook Islands).
Describe the physiology of fayarbaw (CNMIˆCarolinian).
Describe the physiology of puke (Tahiti).
Describe the physiology of ohai Œula.
Describe the physiology of pine.
Describe the physiology of wase.
Describe the physiology of usi.
Describe the physiology of coral tree.
Describe the physiology of Indian coral tree.
Describe the physiology of flame tree.
Describe the physiology of gatai.
Describe the physiology of narara.
Describe the physiology of gatae Samoa.
Describe the physiology of Balbal.
Describe the physiology of red river gum (Southern Provenances).
Describe the physiology of Murray red gum.
Describe the physiology of Australian kino.
Describe the physiology of river gum.
Describe the physiology of rostrato.
Describe the physiology of eucalipto rostrato.
Describe the physiology of swamp mahogany.
Describe the physiology of mahogany gum.
Describe the physiology of stringybark.
Describe the physiology of gunnung.
Describe the physiology of gliricidia.
Describe the physiology of glory cedar.
Describe the physiology of gloricidia.
Describe the physiology of mother of cacao.
Describe the physiology of quickstick.
Describe the physiology of madre de cacao.
Describe the physiology of sunflower.
Describe the physiology of Italian girasole.
Describe the physiology of cut-and-come-again.
Describe the physiology of sonneblom.
Describe the physiology of girasol.
Describe the physiology of tournesol.
Describe the physiology of girassol.
Describe the physiology of xiangrikui.
Describe the physiology of Sonnenblume.
Describe the physiology of girasole.
Describe the physiology of surajmukhi.
Describe the physiology of zonnebloem.
Describe the physiology of auringonkukka.
Describe the physiology of Helianthi flos.
Describe the physiology of surya mukhi.
Describe the physiology of one one.
Describe the physiology of mangrove.
Describe the physiology of u'ula.
Describe the physiology of kwila.
Describe the physiology of physic nut.
Describe the physiology of purging nut.
Describe the physiology of tartago.
Describe the physiology of pourghère.
Describe the physiology of pignon d'Inde.
Describe the physiology of yu lu tzu.
Describe the physiology of habel meluk.
Describe the physiology of bagbherenda.
Describe the physiology of purgueira.
Describe the physiology of mundubi assu (Br).
Describe the physiology of fagiola d'India.
Describe the physiology of purgiernuss.
Describe the physiology of purgeernoot.
Describe the physiology of laupata.
Describe the physiology of fiki.
Describe the physiology of purgeerboontjie.
Describe the physiology of mbono.
Describe the physiology of mafuredonga.
Describe the physiology of inhlakuva.
Describe the physiology of mathlapametse.
Describe the physiology of cantal muluung.
Describe the physiology of sabuu dam.
Describe the physiology of jarak pagar.
Describe the physiology of parvaranda.
Describe the physiology of ba dau me.
Describe the physiology of pe fo tze.
Describe the physiology of ramjeevan.
Describe the physiology of henna.
Describe the physiology of melaleuca.
Describe the physiology of broad-leafed paperbark tree.
Describe the physiology of five-veined paperbark.
Describe the physiology of broad-leaved paperbark (Australia).
Describe the physiology of paperbark tea-tree (Australia).
Describe the physiology of belbowrie (Australia).
Describe the physiology of numbah (Australia).
Describe the physiology of broad-leaved tea-tree (Australia).
Describe the physiology of white bottlebrush (USA).
Describe the physiology of opepe.
Describe the physiology of West African boxwood.
Describe the physiology of sarcocefalo.
Describe the physiology of common oleander.
Describe the physiology of oleander.
Describe the physiology of rose laurel.
Describe the physiology of rose bay.
Describe the physiology of French willow.
Describe the physiology of South-Sea rose.
Describe the physiology of sweet oleander.
Describe the physiology of sweet-scented oleander.
Describe the physiology of te orian.
Describe the physiology of oleandro.
Describe the physiology of pride of Ceylon.
Describe the physiology of dafla.
Describe the physiology of oleandre.
Describe the physiology of laurier-rose.
Describe the physiology of loendro.
Describe the physiology of loendro da India.
Describe the physiology of loendro de cheiro.
Describe the physiology of adelfa.
Describe the physiology of espirradeira.
Describe the physiology of loureiro-rosa.
Describe the physiology of nerio.
Describe the physiology of betel.
Describe the physiology of betel leaf.
Describe the physiology of betel leaf pepper.
Describe the physiology of betel leaf vine.
Describe the physiology of betel vine.
Describe the physiology of betel pepper.
Describe the physiology of Piper Folium.
Describe the physiology of alfavaca de cobra.
Describe the physiology of cobrinha.
Describe the physiology of wara tumbul.
Describe the physiology of buyo.
Describe the physiology of buyo-buyo.
Describe the physiology of buyo anis.
Describe the physiology of ikmo.
Describe the physiology of ikmong iloko.
Describe the physiology of itmo.
Describe the physiology of manin.
Describe the physiology of buyog.
Describe the physiology of buyu.
Describe the physiology of gaoed.
Describe the physiology of gaued.
Describe the physiology of gok.
Describe the physiology of kanisi(bisayan).
Describe the physiology of manon(bisayan).
Describe the physiology of lau.
Describe the physiology of mjàu.
Describe the physiology of thô lau dàng.
Describe the physiology of trâu không.
Describe the physiology of trâu cay.
Describe the physiology of trâu luong.
Describe the physiology of namat.
Describe the physiology of nanin(bisayan).
Describe the physiology of paan.
Describe the physiology of pan.
Describe the physiology of tambuli.
Describe the physiology of tanbol.
Describe the physiology of phlu.
Describe the physiology of samat.
Describe the physiology of samok.
Describe the physiology of se keh.
Describe the physiology of serih.
Describe the physiology of kava.
Describe the physiology of yaqona.
Describe the physiology of yangona.
Describe the physiology of ava.
Describe the physiology of 'ava.
Describe the physiology of 'eva inu.
Describe the physiology of arwa.
Describe the physiology of ava-kava.
Describe the physiology of kava-kava.
Describe the physiology of yagona.
Describe the physiology of lance-leaved plantain.
Describe the physiology of narrow-leaf plantain.
Describe the physiology of buckhorn plantain.
Describe the physiology of rat-tail plantain.
Describe the physiology of English plantain.
Describe the physiology of ribgrass.
Describe the physiology of ribwort.
Describe the physiology of ribwort plantain.
Describe the physiology of ripplegrass.
Describe the physiology of petit plantain.
Describe the physiology of Spitzwegerich.
Describe the physiology of smalblaarplantago.
Describe the physiology of smalweeblaar.
Describe the physiology of oorpynhoutjie.
Describe the physiology of athan el-kabsh.
Describe the physiology of great hen plant.
Describe the physiology of plantain lancéole.
Describe the physiology of oreille de lievre.
Describe the physiology of tanchagem menor.
Describe the physiology of corrijo'.
Describe the physiology of Plantaginis lanceolatae folium.
Describe the physiology of oorpynynhoutjie.
Describe the physiology of smalblaar-plantago.
Describe the physiology of indlebe-kathekwane encane.
Describe the physiology of common plantain.
Describe the physiology of broad-leaved plantain.
Describe the physiology of greater plantain.
Describe the physiology of lamb's foot.
Describe the physiology of whiteman's-foot.
Describe the physiology of door-yard plantain.
Describe the physiology of healing blade.
Describe the physiology of cart-track plant.
Describe the physiology of waybread.
Describe the physiology of platvoet.
Describe the physiology of tanchagem maior.
Describe the physiology of bolila.
Describe the physiology of indlebe-kathekwane enkulu.
Describe the physiology of Breitwegerich.
Describe the physiology of Plantaginis majoris folium.
Describe the physiology of Indian beech.
Describe the physiology of oil tree.
Describe the physiology of poonga-oil-tree.
Describe the physiology of seashore mempari.
Describe the physiology of karum tree.
Describe the physiology of arbre de pongolote.
Describe the physiology of báni.
Describe the physiology of kanji.
Describe the physiology of karanj.
Describe the physiology of papar.
Describe the physiology of daay kim.
Describe the physiology of saam hoa.
Describe the physiology of biansu.
Describe the physiology of ki pahang laut.
Describe the physiology of melapari.
Describe the physiology of dok kom koi.
Describe the physiology of mempare.
Describe the physiology of pongu.
Describe the physiology of pongam.
Describe the physiology of ko:m ko:y.
Describe the physiology of day lim.
Describe the physiology of day mau.
Describe the physiology of khoor.
Describe the physiology of karanga.
Describe the physiology of mangrove.
Describe the physiology of red mangrove.
Describe the physiology of American mangrove.
Describe the physiology of tiriwai.
Describe the physiology of mangrove.
Describe the physiology of West Indian mahogany.
Describe the physiology of mahogany.
Describe the physiology of Cuban mahogany.
Describe the physiology of Dominican mahogany.
Describe the physiology of small leaf mahogany.
Describe the physiology of West Indies mahogany.
Describe the physiology of caoba.
Describe the physiology of caoba de Santo.
Describe the physiology of domingo.
Describe the physiology of acajou.
Describe the physiology of mahagni.
Describe the physiology of mahok.
Describe the physiology of cheriamahogany.
Describe the physiology of yellow bells.
Describe the physiology of geelklokkies.
Describe the physiology of tacoma.
Describe the physiology of chevalye.
Describe the physiology of flé senpié.
Describe the physiology of zeb sennikola.
Describe the physiology of ginger thomas.
Describe the physiology of tecoma.
Describe the physiology of yellow bignonia.
Describe the physiology of yellow cedar.
Describe the physiology of yellow elder.
Describe the physiology of yellow trumpet tree.
Describe the physiology of yellow trumpet flower.
Describe the physiology of chevalier.
Describe the physiology of fleur de St. Pierre.
Describe the physiology of herbe de St. Nicholas.
Describe the physiology of tecoma amarela.
Describe the physiology of tronadora.
Describe the physiology of ipezinho.
Describe the physiology of amarelinho.
Describe the physiology of roble amarillo.
Describe the physiology of saúco amarillo.
Describe the physiology of teak.
Describe the physiology of tiki.
Describe the physiology of fish poison bean.
Describe the physiology of fish bean.
Describe the physiology of cafoto.
Describe the physiology of banca'.
Describe the physiology of Eastern white cedar.
Describe the physiology of American arborvitae.
Describe the physiology of false white cedar.
Describe the physiology of Northern white cedar.
Describe the physiology of tree of life.
Describe the physiology of thuya du Canada.
Describe the physiology of tuia americana.
Describe the physiology of glossy bersama.
Describe the physiology of glossy white ash.
Describe the physiology of undiyaza.
Describe the physiology of blinkblaarwitessenhout.
Describe the physiology of marjoram.
Describe the physiology of sweet majoram.
Describe the physiology of marjolaine.
Describe the physiology of majoran.
Describe the physiology of amaraco.
Describe the physiology of mejram.
Describe the physiology of marzanjush.
Describe the physiology of marjolein.
Describe the physiology of maggiorana.
Describe the physiology of manjerona.
Describe the physiology of mayoran.
Describe the physiology of mayorana.
Describe the physiology of ma-yueh-lan-hua.
Describe the physiology of sage.
Describe the physiology of common sage.
Describe the physiology of sauge.
Describe the physiology of Salbei.
Describe the physiology of salvia.
Describe the physiology of mariyamiya.
Describe the physiology of salie.
Describe the physiology of salva.
Describe the physiology of shalfey.
Describe the physiology of ching-chieh.
Describe the physiology of Salviae folium.
Describe the physiology of Salviae herba.
Describe the physiology of Aetheroleum salviae.
Describe the physiology of hairy indigo.
Describe the physiology of anileira felpuda.
Describe the physiology of silver fir.
Describe the physiology of abete.
Describe the physiology of abete bianco.
Describe the physiology of Tanne.
Describe the physiology of Weisstanne.
Describe the physiology of sapin argente.
Describe the physiology of abeto blanco.
Describe the physiology of Christmastree.
Describe the physiology of European silver fir.
Describe the physiology of white fir.
Describe the physiology of sapin blanc.
Describe the physiology of Silbertanne.
Describe the physiology of abete argentato.
Describe the physiology of black cutch.
Describe the physiology of catechu.
Describe the physiology of Cutch.
Describe the physiology of Dark Catechu.
Describe the physiology of Black Catechu.
Describe the physiology of sweet thorn.
Describe the physiology of soetdoring.
Describe the physiology of doringboom.
Describe the physiology of karoodoring.
Describe the physiology of witdoring.
Describe the physiology of mimosa thorn.
Describe the physiology of cape thorn tree.
Describe the physiology of karoo-thorn.
Describe the physiology of white thorn.
Describe the physiology of umNga.
Describe the physiology of isiKhombe.
Describe the physiology of mooka.
Describe the physiology of mookana.
Describe the physiology of isinga.
Describe the physiology of leoka.
Describe the physiology of munga.
Describe the physiology of muunga.
Describe the physiology of muunga-ludzi.
Describe the physiology of umunga.
Describe the physiology of groendoring.
Describe the physiology of munenge.
Describe the physiology of mubayamhondoro.
Describe the physiology of orusu.
Describe the physiology of Egyptian thorn.
Describe the physiology of red heat.
Describe the physiology of scented-pod acacia.
Describe the physiology of Nile acacia.
Describe the physiology of thorn.
Describe the physiology of scented thorn.
Describe the physiology of babul acacia.
Describe the physiology of Arabic gumtree.
Describe the physiology of Egyptian mimosa.
Describe the physiology of Prickly acacia.
Describe the physiology of gommier rouge.
Describe the physiology of Acacia d'Arabie.
Describe the physiology of Acacia de Cayenne.
Describe the physiology of acacia a gomme.
Describe the physiology of acacia d'Egypte.
Describe the physiology of gommier d'Egypte.
Describe the physiology of arabische Akazie.
Describe the physiology of gummi- Akazie.
Describe the physiology of Aegyptische Akazie.
Describe the physiology of kudupod.
Describe the physiology of stinkpeul.
Describe the physiology of fulissa (Ethiopia).
Describe the physiology of ruikperul.
Describe the physiology of garad.
Describe the physiology of sant.
Describe the physiology of aschawkah al misriyah.
Describe the physiology of osdi (Yemen).
Describe the physiology of babla (Bangladesh).
Describe the physiology of babul.
Describe the physiology of baboul (India).
Describe the physiology of kikar (India).
Describe the physiology of acacia d'Egitto.
Describe the physiology of ol'erbat.
Describe the physiology of espinheiro preto (Cape Verde).
Describe the physiology of espinho preto (Cape Verde).
Describe the physiology of guider.
Describe the physiology of marah.
Describe the physiology of tugaar.
Describe the physiology of galol.
Describe the physiology of tuwer.
Describe the physiology of acacia gomifera.
Describe the physiology of goma arábica.
Describe the physiology of mgunga.
Describe the physiology of karu-velam.
Describe the physiology of lekkerruikpeul.
Describe the physiology of motse.
Describe the physiology of ongue (Angola).
Describe the physiology of lekwele (Botswana).
Describe the physiology of bagani-iri (Cameroon).
Describe the physiology of bani (Cameroon).
Describe the physiology of barana (Cameroon).
Describe the physiology of boina (Cameroon).
Describe the physiology of daibe (Cameroon).
Describe the physiology of gabde (Cameroon).
Describe the physiology of gabdere (Cameroon).
Describe the physiology of gabdi (Cameroon).
Describe the physiology of Egyptian Acacia.
Describe the physiology of bano (Guinea-Bissau).
Describe the physiology of gaude (Guinea-Bissau).
Describe the physiology of babla (India).
Describe the physiology of dauria (India).
Describe the physiology of godi (India).
Describe the physiology of godi babul (India).
Describe the physiology of kabuli kikar (India).
Describe the physiology of kaora (India).
Describe the physiology of kaulia (India).
Describe the physiology of k.
Describe the physiology of acanthus.
Describe the physiology of field maple.
Describe the physiology of hedge maple.
Describe the physiology of small hedge maple.
Describe the physiology of small maple.
Describe the physiology of English maple.
Describe the physiology of mazer tree.
Describe the physiology of ulmer pipes.
Describe the physiology of erable champetre.
Describe the physiology of Ahorn.
Describe the physiology of acero campestre.
Describe the physiology of bordo comum.
Describe the physiology of arce.
Describe the physiology of lavender cotton.
Describe the physiology of garde robe.
Describe the physiology of aurone femelle.
Describe the physiology of santoline.
Describe the physiology of Zypressengarbe.
Describe the physiology of guarda roba.
Describe the physiology of qaysum.
Describe the physiology of baatharaan.
Describe the physiology of bu'aythiran.
Describe the physiology of gesoom.
Describe the physiology of aconite.
Describe the physiology of common monkshood.
Describe the physiology of Venus' maidenhair fern.
Describe the physiology of southern maidenhair.
Describe the physiology of Venus-hair fern.
Describe the physiology of capillaire.
Describe the physiology of Venushår.
Describe the physiology of avenca.
Describe the physiology of avenca cabelo de Venus.
Describe the physiology of capilaria de Venus.
Describe the physiology of adonis.
Describe the physiology of pheasant's eye.
Describe the physiology of spring pheasant's eye.
Describe the physiology of Adonisröschen.
Describe the physiology of Herba Adonis vernalis.
Describe the physiology of African mahogany.
Describe the physiology of doussie.
Describe the physiology of mogno africano.
Describe the physiology of agrimony.
Describe the physiology of acrimony.
Describe the physiology of harvest lice.
Describe the physiology of stickwort.
Describe the physiology of aigremoine.
Describe the physiology of odermennig.
Describe the physiology of agrimonia.
Describe the physiology of Herba agrimoniae.
Describe the physiology of Agrimoniae herba.
Describe the physiology of Ailanthus.
Describe the physiology of tree of heaven.
Describe the physiology of false varnish tree.
Describe the physiology of copal tree.
Describe the physiology of stink tree.
Describe the physiology of ailanto.
Describe the physiology of Ailanthusbaum.
Describe the physiology of Götterbaum.
Describe the physiology of arvore celeste.
Describe the physiology of European alder.
Describe the physiology of common alder.
Describe the physiology of black alder.
Describe the physiology of irish fearnog.
Describe the physiology of owle.
Describe the physiology of ontano.
Describe the physiology of ontano nero.
Describe the physiology of aune.
Describe the physiology of aulne.
Describe the physiology of amieiro vulgar.
Describe the physiology of amieiro negro.
Describe the physiology of aliso.
Describe the physiology of aliso negro.
Describe the physiology of Erle.
Describe the physiology of candelabra aloe.
Describe the physiology of octopus plant.
Describe the physiology of torch plant.
Describe the physiology of krantz aloe.
Describe the physiology of kraansaalwyn.
Describe the physiology of inkalane.
Describe the physiology of vlambos.
Describe the physiology of dokgopha.
Describe the physiology of marshmallow.
Describe the physiology of guimauve.
Describe the physiology of althee officinale.
Describe the physiology of Eibisch.
Describe the physiology of Radix Althaeae.
Describe the physiology of Folia Althaeae.
Describe the physiology of Althaeae radix.
Describe the physiology of Althaeae herba.
Describe the physiology of Althaeae folium.
Describe the physiology of Althaeae flos.
Describe the physiology of scarlet pimpernel.
Describe the physiology of shepherd's weatherglass.
Describe the physiology of pimpernel.
Describe the physiology of bird's eye.
Describe the physiology of blouselblommetjie.
Describe the physiology of wood anemone.
Describe the physiology of European wood anemone.
Describe the physiology of European thimbleweed.
Describe the physiology of moonflower.
Describe the physiology of windflower.
Describe the physiology of anemona dos bosques.
Describe the physiology of chamomile.
Describe the physiology of roman chamomile.
Describe the physiology of camomille romaine.
Describe the physiology of römische Kamille.
Describe the physiology of camomilla.
Describe the physiology of kamilica.
Describe the physiology of Chamomillae romanae flos.
Describe the physiology of Aetheroleum chamomillae romanae.
Describe the physiology of chervil.
Describe the physiology of cerafolio.
Describe the physiology of cerfeuil.
Describe the physiology of kerbel.
Describe the physiology of koervel.
Describe the physiology of kørvel.
Describe the physiology of maqdunis afranji.
Describe the physiology of kervel.
Describe the physiology of cerfoglio.
Describe the physiology of cerefolho.
Describe the physiology of kervel'.
Describe the physiology of san-lo-po.
Describe the physiology of common kidney vetch.
Describe the physiology of lady's fingers.
Describe the physiology of agalwood.
Describe the physiology of agalloch.
Describe the physiology of agarwood.
Describe the physiology of agila wood.
Describe the physiology of eaglewood.
Describe the physiology of aloeswood.
Describe the physiology of calambac.
Describe the physiology of calambour.
Describe the physiology of chuwah.
Describe the physiology of garrowood.
Describe the physiology of lignaloes.
Describe the physiology of pau de aguia.
Describe the physiology of agaloco.
Describe the physiology of aquilaria.
Describe the physiology of calambuco.
Describe the physiology of gaharu.
Describe the physiology of sasi.
Describe the physiology of hasi.
Describe the physiology of aga.
Describe the physiology of agaru.
Describe the physiology of ugar.
Describe the physiology of akyaw.
Describe the physiology of tagara.
Describe the physiology of kalaguru.
Describe the physiology of aggalichandanam.
Describe the physiology of agru.
Describe the physiology of agar.
Describe the physiology of chen xiang.
Describe the physiology of Kaya gahara lemppong.
Describe the physiology of jin-ko.
Describe the physiology of kyara.
Describe the physiology of ch'en hsiang.
Describe the physiology of ch'Ing kuei hsiang.
Describe the physiology of chan Hsiang.
Describe the physiology of chi ku hsiang.
Describe the physiology of Huang Shu Hsiang.
Describe the physiology of Oud.
Describe the physiology of Ude.
Describe the physiology of Ud.
Describe the physiology of Ood.
Describe the physiology of Oode.
Describe the physiology of jinkoh.
Describe the physiology of jinko.
Describe the physiology of common columbine.
Describe the physiology of arnica.
Describe the physiology of hästfibbla.
Describe the physiology of solblom.
Describe the physiology of almindelig guldblomme.
Describe the physiology of etelänarnikki.
Describe the physiology of berg-wohlverleih.
Describe the physiology of ariti.
Describe the physiology of chukun (Galinya.
Describe the physiology of Harar).
Describe the physiology of jukun (Galinya.
Describe the physiology of Harar).
Describe the physiology of kodo (Galinya).
Describe the physiology of kapani (Galinya.
Describe the physiology of Bale).
Describe the physiology of butterfly milkweed.
Describe the physiology of butterfly-weed.
Describe the physiology of chigger-weed.
Describe the physiology of pleurisy root.
Describe the physiology of orange milkweed.
Describe the physiology of Indian paintbrush.
Describe the physiology of orange swallow-wort.
Describe the physiology of white asphodel.
Describe the physiology of asfodelo branco.
Describe the physiology of belladonna.
Describe the physiology of deadly nightshade.
Describe the physiology of neem.
Describe the physiology of Indian lilac.
Describe the physiology of mahogany.
Describe the physiology of azadira d'Inde.
Describe the physiology of nim.
Describe the physiology of Indischer Zedrach.
Describe the physiology of niem.
Describe the physiology of margosa.
Describe the physiology of nimb.
Describe the physiology of arishta.
Describe the physiology of limba.
Describe the physiology of nimmi.
Describe the physiology of limbo.
Describe the physiology of vepa.
Describe the physiology of arulundi.
Describe the physiology of bevinamara.
Describe the physiology of indu lian shu.
Describe the physiology of cha do.
Describe the physiology of veppa.
Describe the physiology of thin.
Describe the physiology of baypay.
Describe the physiology of sadao India.
Describe the physiology of mindi maranngo.
Describe the physiology of sdao.
Describe the physiology of azad darakhul-hind.
Describe the physiology of jänönapila.
Describe the physiology of trifoglio arvense.
Describe the physiology of hare-kløver.
Describe the physiology of trevo pe' de lebre.
Describe the physiology of Trifolii albi et rubri flos.
Describe the physiology of coltsfoot.
Describe the physiology of coltsfoot herb.
Describe the physiology of farfara.
Describe the physiology of horsehoof.
Describe the physiology of clayweed.
Describe the physiology of dove dock.
Describe the physiology of hairy bauhinia.
Describe the physiology of bosbeesklou.
Describe the physiology of isiThibathibana.
Describe the physiology of ngai camphor plant.
Describe the physiology of camphrier.
Describe the physiology of bai mat.
Describe the physiology of sembung.
Describe the physiology of sembang utan.
Describe the physiology of sembang gantung.
Describe the physiology of nat.
Describe the physiology of phi ma sen.
Describe the physiology of chapa.
Describe the physiology of chapor.
Describe the physiology of sembong.
Describe the physiology of poung-ma-theing.
Describe the physiology of sambong.
Describe the physiology of lakadbulan.
Describe the physiology of subsub.
Describe the physiology of kam phung.
Describe the physiology of nat yai.
Describe the physiology of dai bi.
Describe the physiology of tur bi.
Describe the physiology of dai ngai.
Describe the physiology of co nat.
Describe the physiology of phac pha.
Describe the physiology of bawng phiesn.
Describe the physiology of ka-aen.
Describe the physiology of khing sai.
Describe the physiology of krachai.
Describe the physiology of wan phra athit.
Describe the physiology of ra-aen.
Describe the physiology of poh see.
Describe the physiology of poh so roh.
Describe the physiology of temu kunci.
Describe the physiology of luban.
Describe the physiology of salai.
Describe the physiology of Indian frankincense tree.
Describe the physiology of Indian olibanum tree.
Describe the physiology of saler.
Describe the physiology of salga.
Describe the physiology of salhe.
Describe the physiology of sali.
Describe the physiology of gugulu.
Describe the physiology of kundrikam.
Describe the physiology of kungli.
Describe the physiology of morada.
Describe the physiology of bean-pod tree.
Describe the physiology of igonda.
Describe the physiology of msasa.
Describe the physiology of musasa.
Describe the physiology of mrihi.
Describe the physiology of mriti.
Describe the physiology of myombo.
Describe the physiology of flame-of-the-forest.
Describe the physiology of Bengal kino.
Describe the physiology of tisso.
Describe the physiology of bastard teak.
Describe the physiology of muduga oil tree.
Describe the physiology of butea gum tree.
Describe the physiology of pouk-pen.
Describe the physiology of dhak.
Describe the physiology of palas.
Describe the physiology of pulas.
Describe the physiology of palasa.
Describe the physiology of chaa.
Describe the physiology of chaan.
Describe the physiology of favas de engenho.
Describe the physiology of palasse.
Describe the physiology of thong kwaao.
Describe the physiology of tong thammachaat.
Describe the physiology of divi-divi.
Describe the physiology of dividivi.
Describe the physiology of libidibi.
Describe the physiology of apple of Sodom.
Describe the physiology of Sodom apple.
Describe the physiology of akund fibre.
Describe the physiology of french cotton.
Describe the physiology of marsh milkweed.
Describe the physiology of Calotropis.
Describe the physiology of rubber bush.
Describe the physiology of mudar.
Describe the physiology of yercum fibre.
Describe the physiology of desert apple.
Describe the physiology of Mudar Yercum.
Describe the physiology of madar.
Describe the physiology of king's crown.
Describe the physiology of roostertree.
Describe the physiology of shakr (Oman).
Describe the physiology of arbre à soie.
Describe the physiology of aak.
Describe the physiology of desi aak.
Describe the physiology of giant milkweed.
Describe the physiology of tobbeya.
Describe the physiology of tobia.
Describe the physiology of yahara-zaf.
Describe the physiology of ghinda.
Describe the physiology of akalo.
Describe the physiology of tomfi.
Describe the physiology of gala.
Describe the physiology of boha.
Describe the physiology of u'sher (Sudan).
Describe the physiology of ashkhar (UAE).
Describe the physiology of hemp.
Describe the physiology of chanvre.
Describe the physiology of hanf.
Describe the physiology of hennep.
Describe the physiology of canamo.
Describe the physiology of canapa.
Describe the physiology of hampa.
Describe the physiology of kannab.
Describe the physiology of kender.
Describe the physiology of kenop.
Describe the physiology of konoplya.
Describe the physiology of asa.
Describe the physiology of shepherd's purse.
Describe the physiology of bourse-a-pasteur.
Describe the physiology of Hirtentäschelchen.
Describe the physiology of Bursae pastoris herba.
Describe the physiology of Brazilian mahogany.
Describe the physiology of bastard mahogany.
Describe the physiology of crabwood.
Describe the physiology of andiroba.
Describe the physiology of andiroba-saruba.
Describe the physiology of iandirova.
Describe the physiology of carapa.
Describe the physiology of requia.
Describe the physiology of European hornbeam.
Describe the physiology of yoke elm.
Describe the physiology of charme commun.
Describe the physiology of carpino bianco.
Describe the physiology of Hainbuche.
Describe the physiology of Steinbuche.
Describe the physiology of carpa europeia.
Describe the physiology of carpino.
Describe the physiology of senna.
Describe the physiology of arabian senna.
Describe the physiology of sene.
Describe the physiology of sene d'arabie.
Describe the physiology of sen.
Describe the physiology of sanaehindi.
Describe the physiology of uzkolistnaja kassija.
Describe the physiology of bhuikhakhasa.
Describe the physiology of bhumiari.
Describe the physiology of sanai makki.
Describe the physiology of Indian bean tree.
Describe the physiology of brown radiant knapweed.
Describe the physiology of knapweed.
Describe the physiology of vanleg knoppurt.
Describe the physiology of almindelig knopurt.
Describe the physiology of ahdekaunokki.
Describe the physiology of brown knapweed.
Describe the physiology of rödklint.
Describe the physiology of wiesen-flockenblume.
Describe the physiology of jacea.
Describe the physiology of mangrove.
Describe the physiology of wallflower.
Describe the physiology of gyllenlack.
Describe the physiology of gyllenlakk.
Describe the physiology of tavallinen kultulakka.
Describe the physiology of goldlack.
Describe the physiology of great celandine.
Describe the physiology of grande chelidoine.
Describe the physiology of eclaire.
Describe the physiology of Schöllkraut.
Describe the physiology of skelört.
Describe the physiology of svaleurt.
Describe the physiology of keltamo.
Describe the physiology of svalört.
Describe the physiology of Chelidonii herba.
Describe the physiology of Chelidonii radix.
Describe the physiology of iroko tree.
Describe the physiology of African teak.
Describe the physiology of Nigerian teak.
Describe the physiology of odoom tree.
Describe the physiology of rock elm.
Describe the physiology of counter wood.
Describe the physiology of muvule.
Describe the physiology of mvule.
Describe the physiology of loko.
Describe the physiology of oji.
Describe the physiology of iroko.
Describe the physiology of iroco.
Describe the physiology of moreira.
Describe the physiology of intule.
Describe the physiology of pau bicho-amarelo.
Describe the physiology of mukamba-kamba.
Describe the physiology of mecuco.
Describe the physiology of mucuco.
Describe the physiology of mucoco.
Describe the physiology of mucumba'-vleme'.
Describe the physiology of mugunda.
Describe the physiology of traveller's joy.
Describe the physiology of old man's beard.
Describe the physiology of lady's bower.
Describe the physiology of smokewood.
Describe the physiology of whitywood.
Describe the physiology of vide branca.
Describe the physiology of cipo' do reino.
Describe the physiology of skogsklematis.
Describe the physiology of Tysk klematis.
Describe the physiology of skovranke.
Describe the physiology of gewöhnliche waldrebe.
Describe the physiology of meadow saffron.
Describe the physiology of autumn crocus.
Describe the physiology of Hungarian colchicum.
Describe the physiology of colchique d'automne.
Describe the physiology of tue-chien.
Describe the physiology of Herbstzeitlose.
Describe the physiology of Bulbus colchici.
Describe the physiology of Colchici semen.
Describe the physiology of tidlösa.
Describe the physiology of hösttidlösa.
Describe the physiology of nakna jungfrun.
Describe the physiology of vanlig tidlösa.
Describe the physiology of tidlaus.
Describe the physiology of tidløyse.
Describe the physiology of høst-tidløs.
Describe the physiology of syysmyrkkylilja.
Describe the physiology of eddi shebai.
Describe the physiology of hemlock.
Describe the physiology of poison hemlock.
Describe the physiology of odört.
Describe the physiology of giftkjeks.
Describe the physiology of skarntyde.
Describe the physiology of myrkkykatko.
Describe the physiology of gefleckter schierling.
Describe the physiology of chof-chof.
Describe the physiology of buttonwood.
Describe the physiology of mangrove.
Describe the physiology of zaragoza mangrove.
Describe the physiology of lily of the valley.
Describe the physiology of may lily.
Describe the physiology of convallaria.
Describe the physiology of our lady's tears.
Describe the physiology of Convall-lily.
Describe the physiology of lily constancy.
Describe the physiology of ladder-to-heaven.
Describe the physiology of Jacob's ladder.
Describe the physiology of male lily.
Describe the physiology of muguet.
Describe the physiology of maiblume.
Describe the physiology of maiglöckchen.
Describe the physiology of mughetto.
Describe the physiology of liljekonvalj.
Describe the physiology of konvalje.
Describe the physiology of liljekonvalje.
Describe the physiology of liljekonvall.
Describe the physiology of liljekonval.
Describe the physiology of kielo.
Describe the physiology of field bindweed.
Describe the physiology of åkervinda.
Describe the physiology of vanlig åkervinda.
Describe the physiology of smalbladig åkervinda.
Describe the physiology of åkervindel.
Describe the physiology of ager-snerle.
Describe the physiology of peltokierto.
Describe the physiology of Ackerwinde.
Describe the physiology of lehli.
Describe the physiology of Italian cypress.
Describe the physiology of Mediterranean cypress.
Describe the physiology of mourning cypress.
Describe the physiology of cyprès.
Describe the physiology of cypres d'Italie.
Describe the physiology of zypresse.
Describe the physiology of cipresso.
Describe the physiology of cipreste.
Describe the physiology of cedro bastardo.
Describe the physiology of ciprés.
Describe the physiology of cipres comun.
Describe the physiology of cipres italiano.
Describe the physiology of lesser dodder.
Describe the physiology of dodder.
Describe the physiology of common dodder.
Describe the physiology of clover dodder.
Describe the physiology of ljungsnärja.
Describe the physiology of ljungsilke.
Describe the physiology of klöversnärja.
Describe the physiology of kloeversnaerja.
Describe the physiology of timiansnikjetråd.
Describe the physiology of lyng-silke.
Describe the physiology of kløver-silke.
Describe the physiology of apilanvieras.
Describe the physiology of Quendelseide.
Describe the physiology of Thymianseide.
Describe the physiology of Kleeseide.
Describe the physiology of epitimo.
Describe the physiology of cuscuta del trebol.
Describe the physiology of cuscute du thym.
Describe the physiology of cuscute du trefle.
Describe the physiology of cuscuta piccola.
Describe the physiology of cuscuta del trifoglio.
Describe the physiology of duivelsnaaigaren.
Describe the physiology of klein Warkruid.
Describe the physiology of cabelos.
Describe the physiology of hound's tongue.
Describe the physiology of hundtunga.
Describe the physiology of hundetunge.
Describe the physiology of rohtokoirankielet.
Describe the physiology of echte hundszunge.
Describe the physiology of mezereon.
Describe the physiology of February daphne.
Describe the physiology of paradise plant.
Describe the physiology of misterious plant.
Describe the physiology of widow wail.
Describe the physiology of gewöhnlicher seidelbast.
Describe the physiology of mezereao.
Describe the physiology of mezereu.
Describe the physiology of tibast.
Describe the physiology of källarhals.
Describe the physiology of vanlig tibast.
Describe the physiology of tysbast.
Describe the physiology of pebertræ.
Describe the physiology of näsiä.
Describe the physiology of Pongame oil tree.
Describe the physiology of Grecian foxglove.
Describe the physiology of woolly foxglove.
Describe the physiology of foxglove.
Describe the physiology of digitale laineuse.
Describe the physiology of wolliger Fingerhut.
Describe the physiology of dedaleira felpuda.
Describe the physiology of Digitalis lanatae folium.
Describe the physiology of yellow foxglove.
Describe the physiology of straw foxglove.
Describe the physiology of dedaleira amarela.
Describe the physiology of liten fingerborgsblomma.
Describe the physiology of gul revebjølle.
Describe the physiology of gul fingerbøl.
Describe the physiology of pikkusormustinkukka.
Describe the physiology of gelber fingerhut.
Describe the physiology of common foxglove.
Describe the physiology of purple foxglove.
Describe the physiology of foxglove.
Describe the physiology of foxes glofa (Anglo-Saxon).
Describe the physiology of witches' glove.
Describe the physiology of dead man's bells.
Describe the physiology of bloody fingers.
Describe the physiology of bloody man's fingers.
Describe the physiology of flapdock.
Describe the physiology of fairy glove.
Describe the physiology of fairy finger.
Describe the physiology of finger flower.
Describe the physiology of lady glove.
Describe the physiology of Roter Fingerhut.
Describe the physiology of Fingerkraut.
Describe the physiology of Waldglocke.
Describe the physiology of Waldglöckchen.
Describe the physiology of Waldschelle.
Describe the physiology of Unserliebenfrauenhandschuh.
Describe the physiology of Digitale pourpré.
Describe the physiology of Digitale rossa.
Describe the physiology of dedaleira.
Describe the physiology of digitalis.
Describe the physiology of cacapeiro.
Describe the physiology of dedalario.
Describe the physiology of erva dedal.
Describe the physiology of estoura-fole.
Describe the physiology of luvas de Santa Maria.
Describe the physiology of luvas de pastora.
Describe the physiology of Almindelig fingerbøl.
Describe the physiology of Fingerbøl.
Describe the physiology of Rød fingerbøl.
Describe the physiology of Fingerborgsblomma.
Describe the physiology of Revebjølle.
Describe the physiology of Revebjelle.
Describe the physiology of Fingurbjargablóm.
Describe the physiology of Fingurbjargarblóm.
Describe the physiology of Rohtosormustinkukka.
Describe the physiology of Sormustinkukka.
Describe the physiology of Naparstnica purpurowa.
Describe the physiology of Naparstnik.
Describe the physiology of Echte Vingerhoedskruid.
Describe the physiology of Vingerhoedskruid soort.
Describe the physiology of Dedalera.
Describe the physiology of Potschen.
Describe the physiology of barbasco.
Describe the physiology of gurjum tree.
Describe the physiology of dau.
Describe the physiology of sundew.
Describe the physiology of round-leaved sundew.
Describe the physiology of rundblättriger sonnentau.
Describe the physiology of rundsoldogg.
Describe the physiology of rundbladet soldug.
Describe the physiology of pyöreälehtikihokki.
Describe the physiology of sóldögg.
Describe the physiology of ngmoo.
Describe the physiology of squirting cucumber.
Describe the physiology of pepino de Sao Gregorio.
Describe the physiology of pepino do Diabo.
Describe the physiology of elaterio.
Describe the physiology of Lehmann's love grass.
Describe the physiology of knietjiesgras.
Describe the physiology of Red-hot poker tree.
Describe the physiology of flame tree.
Describe the physiology of lucky bean tree.
Describe the physiology of Mwamba-ngoma.
Describe the physiology of kafur limuni.
Describe the physiology of lemon-scented gum.
Describe the physiology of lemon-scented iron gum.
Describe the physiology of spotted gum.
Describe the physiology of mkaratusi.
Describe the physiology of kaliptis.
Describe the physiology of bluegum.
Describe the physiology of bluegum eucalyptus.
Describe the physiology of fever tree.
Describe the physiology of southern bluegum.
Describe the physiology of Tasmanian bluegum.
Describe the physiology of turpentine gas.
Describe the physiology of yukari-no-ki.
Describe the physiology of eucalipto.
Describe the physiology of caper spurge.
Describe the physiology of buckthorn.
Describe the physiology of alder buckthorn.
Describe the physiology of Faulbaum.
Describe the physiology of brakved.
Describe the physiology of sprakved.
Describe the physiology of braktorn.
Describe the physiology of toste.
Describe the physiology of trollhegg.
Describe the physiology of tørst.
Describe the physiology of korpipaatsama.
Describe the physiology of Frangulae cortex.
Describe the physiology of ash.
Describe the physiology of European ash.
Describe the physiology of frassino.
Describe the physiology of gewöhnliche Esche.
Describe the physiology of Esche.
Describe the physiology of frêne.
Describe the physiology of freixo da Europa.
Describe the physiology of quina da Europa.
Describe the physiology of fresno.
Describe the physiology of ask.
Describe the physiology of almindelig ask.
Describe the physiology of vanlig ask.
Describe the physiology of Lehtosaarni.
Describe the physiology of Saarni.
Describe the physiology of common ash.
Describe the physiology of Fraxini folium.
Describe the physiology of goat's rue.
Describe the physiology of French lilac.
Describe the physiology of European goat's-rue.
Describe the physiology of professor weed.
Describe the physiology of Geisraute.
Describe the physiology of capraria.
Describe the physiology of galega.
Describe the physiology of Galegae herba.
Describe the physiology of herb Robert.
Describe the physiology of Robert herb.
Describe the physiology of ragged Robert.
Describe the physiology of red shanks.
Describe the physiology of red robin.
Describe the physiology of mountain geranium.
Describe the physiology of jenny wren.
Describe the physiology of fox geranium.
Describe the physiology of stinkender storchschnabel.
Describe the physiology of erva roberta.
Describe the physiology of erva de Sao Roberto.
Describe the physiology of stinknäva.
Describe the physiology of stinknäbba.
Describe the physiology of urakatt.
Describe the physiology of stinkende storkenæb.
Describe the physiology of haisukurjenpolvi.
Describe the physiology of cotton root.
Describe the physiology of gayak.
Describe the physiology of gayak fran.
Describe the physiology of frazostrae.
Describe the physiology of pokhout.
Describe the physiology of guaiacum.
Describe the physiology of lignum-vitae tree.
Describe the physiology of arbre de vie.
Describe the physiology of bois saint.
Describe the physiology of gaïac.
Describe the physiology of gaïac bâtard.
Describe the physiology of gaïac franc.
Describe the physiology of gaïac mâle.
Describe the physiology of gaïac officnale.
Describe the physiology of Franzosenholz.
Describe the physiology of Guajakholz.
Describe the physiology of guajaco.
Describe the physiology of legno guajacano.
Describe the physiology of legno santo.
Describe the physiology of guyaiaco.
Describe the physiology of bakaut.
Describe the physiology of guayacan.
Describe the physiology of guayaco.
Describe the physiology of leno santo.
Describe the physiology of palo santo.
Describe the physiology of pano santo de las Indias.
Describe the physiology of fransosenholts.
Describe the physiology of common lignum-vitae (Trade name).
Describe the physiology of kosso.
Describe the physiology of habbi.
Describe the physiology of duchia (Galinya).
Describe the physiology of edo (Galinya).
Describe the physiology of fieto (Galinya).
Describe the physiology of heto (Galinya.
Describe the physiology of Kaffa).
Describe the physiology of witch hazel.
Describe the physiology of common ivy.
Describe the physiology of ivy.
Describe the physiology of English ivy.
Describe the physiology of Algerian ivy.
Describe the physiology of Canary ivy.
Describe the physiology of Madeira ivy.
Describe the physiology of Engelse hedera.
Describe the physiology of Efeu.
Describe the physiology of mouse-ear hawkweed.
Describe the physiology of mouse bloodwort.
Describe the physiology of pilosela das boticas.
Describe the physiology of henbane.
Describe the physiology of henblain.
Describe the physiology of jusquiame noire.
Describe the physiology of herbe aux poules.
Describe the physiology of mort aux poules.
Describe the physiology of bilsenkraut.
Describe the physiology of saint john's wort.
Describe the physiology of St John's wort.
Describe the physiology of klamath weed.
Describe the physiology of common St Johnswort.
Describe the physiology of hipericon.
Describe the physiology of hierba de San Juan.
Describe the physiology of herbe a mille trous.
Describe the physiology of millepertuis perfore.
Describe the physiology of hipericao.
Describe the physiology of milfurada.
Describe the physiology of Tüpfel-Johanniskraut.
Describe the physiology of Tüpfel-Hartheu.
Describe the physiology of Johanniskraut.
Describe the physiology of erba di San Giovanni.
Describe the physiology of iperico perforato.
Describe the physiology of Sint janskruid.
Describe the physiology of Johannesoert.
Describe the physiology of johanneskruid.
Describe the physiology of balsana.
Describe the physiology of Hyperici herba.
Describe the physiology of erva-mate.
Describe the physiology of mate.
Describe the physiology of erva (Br).
Describe the physiology of yerba mate.
Describe the physiology of Java indigo.
Describe the physiology of anileira de Java.
Describe the physiology of German iris.
Describe the physiology of garden iris.
Describe the physiology of garden flag.
Describe the physiology of purple flag.
Describe the physiology of common iris.
Describe the physiology of pogon iris.
Describe the physiology of lirio-cardeno.
Describe the physiology of lirio azul.
Describe the physiology of jacaranda.
Describe the physiology of mimosa-leaved ebony.
Describe the physiology of black poui.
Describe the physiology of green ebony.
Describe the physiology of palissandra.
Describe the physiology of carobaguacu'.
Describe the physiology of jakaranda.
Describe the physiology of African pencil cedar.
Describe the physiology of East African cedar.
Describe the physiology of African juniper.
Describe the physiology of Afrikanischer Wacholder.
Describe the physiology of Afrikanische Bleistiftzeder.
Describe the physiology of genévrier élevé.
Describe the physiology of genévrier d'Afrique.
Describe the physiology of zimbro africano.
Describe the physiology of tidh.
Describe the physiology of gattira (Galinya).
Describe the physiology of Mutarakwa.
Describe the physiology of savin.
Describe the physiology of savine.
Describe the physiology of savin juniper.
Describe the physiology of sabina.
Describe the physiology of sabina da praia.
Describe the physiology of African mahogany.
Describe the physiology of cailcedra.
Describe the physiology of mogno africano.
Describe the physiology of wild lettuce.
Describe the physiology of white buttonwood.
Describe the physiology of buttonwood.
Describe the physiology of mangrove.
Describe the physiology of European larch.
Describe the physiology of larice.
Describe the physiology of Lärche.
Describe the physiology of mélèze.
Describe the physiology of alerce.
Describe the physiology of French lavender.
Describe the physiology of lavandin.
Describe the physiology of hybrid lavender.
Describe the physiology of lavender.
Describe the physiology of lavande.
Describe the physiology of lavendel.
Describe the physiology of lavanda.
Describe the physiology of spike lavender.
Describe the physiology of privet.
Describe the physiology of hedge plant.
Describe the physiology of Annunciation lily.
Describe the physiology of Madonna lily.
Describe the physiology of Mary lily.
Describe the physiology of Bourbon lily.
Describe the physiology of white lily.
Describe the physiology of acucena.
Describe the physiology of bastao de S. Jose'.
Describe the physiology of copo-de-leite.
Describe the physiology of flax.
Describe the physiology of linseed.
Describe the physiology of yama.
Describe the physiology of Endabé.
Describe the physiology of Entati.
Describe the physiology of Telba.
Describe the physiology of Talba.
Describe the physiology of lobelia.
Describe the physiology of bird's-foot trefoil.
Describe the physiology of birdsfoot trefoil.
Describe the physiology of bloom-fell.
Describe the physiology of crow toe.
Describe the physiology of sheep foot.
Describe the physiology of shoes-and-stockings.
Describe the physiology of babies'-slippers.
Describe the physiology of cat-clover.
Describe the physiology of geelblom lusern.
Describe the physiology of hoenderspoor klawer.
Describe the physiology of serradela.
Describe the physiology of cornilhao.
Describe the physiology of musizi.
Describe the physiology of high-mallow.
Describe the physiology of common mallow.
Describe the physiology of cheeseflower.
Describe the physiology of grande mauve.
Describe the physiology of Malve.
Describe the physiology of wilde Malve.
Describe the physiology of malva silvestre.
Describe the physiology of Malvae sylvestris mauritianae flos.
Describe the physiology of Malvae folium.
Describe the physiology of Chinaberry.
Describe the physiology of China tree.
Describe the physiology of Chinaball tree.
Describe the physiology of Persian lilac.
Describe the physiology of pride of India.
Describe the physiology of Indian Lilac.
Describe the physiology of bead tree.
Describe the physiology of Texas umbrella tree.
Describe the physiology of yellow sweet clover.
Describe the physiology of yellow melilot.
Describe the physiology of common sweet clover.
Describe the physiology of melist.
Describe the physiology of king's clover.
Describe the physiology of Hart's clover.
Describe the physiology of Hart's trefoil.
Describe the physiology of trevo de cheiro amarelo.
Describe the physiology of anafe amarelo.
Describe the physiology of trevo real.
Describe the physiology of coroa de rei.
Describe the physiology of trébol amarillo.
Describe the physiology of trébol dulce amarillo.
Describe the physiology of melilot officinal.
Describe the physiology of Steinklee.
Describe the physiology of Meliloti flos.
Describe the physiology of Meliloti herba.
Describe the physiology of wild mint.
Describe the physiology of bohe.
Describe the physiology of thorny sensitive plant.
Describe the physiology of thorn of blood.
Describe the physiology of juquiri grande.
Describe the physiology of kechemo.
Describe the physiology of katchu (Adaric).
Describe the physiology of evening primrose.
Describe the physiology of royal fern.
Describe the physiology of king fern.
Describe the physiology of regal fern.
Describe the physiology of queen fern.
Describe the physiology of ditch fern.
Describe the physiology of French bracken.
Describe the physiology of hartshorn bush.
Describe the physiology of Osmund royal fern.
Describe the physiology of fento real.
Describe the physiology of dentabru'.
Describe the physiology of konigsfarn.
Describe the physiology of feto real.
Describe the physiology of helecho real.
Describe the physiology of Chinese ginseng.
Describe the physiology of Korean ginseng.
Describe the physiology of ginseng.
Describe the physiology of American ginseng.
Describe the physiology of princess tree.
Describe the physiology of royal paulownia.
Describe the physiology of empress tree.
Describe the physiology of foxglove tree.
Describe the physiology of paulownia de Chine.
Describe the physiology of filzige paulownia.
Describe the physiology of do-boku.
Describe the physiology of hana-giri.
Describe the physiology of hitoha-gusa.
Describe the physiology of kiri.
Describe the physiology of kiri-noki.
Describe the physiology of mukuinamo.
Describe the physiology of otoung-nam.
Describe the physiology of Norway spruce.
Describe the physiology of white deal.
Describe the physiology of Jura turpentine.
Describe the physiology of Burgundy pitch.
Describe the physiology of pitch tree.
Describe the physiology of living Christmas tree.
Describe the physiology of epicea commun.
Describe the physiology of epinette de Norvege.
Describe the physiology of Fichte.
Describe the physiology of Rottanne.
Describe the physiology of Gemeine Fichte.
Describe the physiology of Edeltanne.
Describe the physiology of abete rosso.
Describe the physiology of espruce da Noruega.
Describe the physiology of picea.
Describe the physiology of abeto del Norte.
Describe the physiology of fara(Senegal).
Describe the physiology of semellier.
Describe the physiology of Scotch pine.
Describe the physiology of Scots pine.
Describe the physiology of Scotch fir.
Describe the physiology of Highland pine.
Describe the physiology of Baltic pine.
Describe the physiology of Danzing pine.
Describe the physiology of red deal.
Describe the physiology of yellow deal.
Describe the physiology of pin.
Describe the physiology of pin sylvestre.
Describe the physiology of Kiefer.
Describe the physiology of pino.
Describe the physiology of pino silvestre.
Describe the physiology of skov fyr.
Describe the physiology of Waldkiefer.
Describe the physiology of Föhre.
Describe the physiology of pinheiro da Escocia.
Describe the physiology of pinheiro da Russia.
Describe the physiology of pinheiro de Genebra.
Describe the physiology of Pini turione.
Describe the physiology of petroleum nut.
Describe the physiology of hanga.
Describe the physiology of hoary plantain.
Describe the physiology of healing herb.
Describe the physiology of lamb's tongue.
Describe the physiology of lingua de ovelha.
Describe the physiology of calraxo.
Describe the physiology of Indian plantago.
Describe the physiology of blood plantago.
Describe the physiology of isabgol.
Describe the physiology of geneima.
Describe the physiology of qurayta.
Describe the physiology of spogel plantain.
Describe the physiology of ispaghula.
Describe the physiology of spogelwegerich.
Describe the physiology of Spanish psyllium.
Describe the physiology of psyllium plantain.
Describe the physiology of fleawort.
Describe the physiology of fleaseed.
Describe the physiology of zaragatoa menor.
Describe the physiology of Oriental planetree.
Describe the physiology of Eastern sycamore.
Describe the physiology of chinar tree.
Describe the physiology of doolb.
Describe the physiology of buna.
Describe the physiology of platane d'Orient.
Describe the physiology of platano do Oriente.
Describe the physiology of platano de genio.
Describe the physiology of coquilho.
Describe the physiology of scented Solomon's seal.
Describe the physiology of drug Solomon'-seal.
Describe the physiology of David's harp.
Describe the physiology of selo de Salomao.
Describe the physiology of knotgrass.
Describe the physiology of knotweed.
Describe the physiology of prostrate smartweed.
Describe the physiology of bird weed.
Describe the physiology of bird-grass.
Describe the physiology of bird's-tongue.
Describe the physiology of doorweed.
Describe the physiology of renouee des oiseaux.
Describe the physiology of Vogelknoeterich.
Describe the physiology of corriola bastarda.
Describe the physiology of escalracho.
Describe the physiology of erva da muda.
Describe the physiology of sempre-noiva.
Describe the physiology of sanguinaria.
Describe the physiology of Polygoni avicularis herba.
Describe the physiology of Charab poplar.
Describe the physiology of Hodung tree.
Describe the physiology of bahan.
Describe the physiology of peuplier des Indes.
Describe the physiology of choupo da India.
Describe the physiology of silverweed.
Describe the physiology of wild tansy.
Describe the physiology of goose tansy.
Describe the physiology of argentine.
Describe the physiology of Gaensefingerkraut.
Describe the physiology of anserina.
Describe the physiology of ancarinha.
Describe the physiology of pe' de ganso.
Describe the physiology of tanaceto bravo.
Describe the physiology of Gaenserich.
Describe the physiology of Anserinae herba.
Describe the physiology of European cowslip.
Describe the physiology of English cowslip.
Describe the physiology of yellow Star-of-Bethlehem.
Describe the physiology of pagle.
Describe the physiology of palsywort.
Describe the physiology of primevere officinale.
Describe the physiology of coucou.
Describe the physiology of schluesselblume.
Describe the physiology of margarida dos prados.
Describe the physiology of primavera.
Describe the physiology of bem-me-quer.
Describe the physiology of cherry laurel.
Describe the physiology of louro-cerejo.
Describe the physiology of kiaat.
Describe the physiology of wild teak.
Describe the physiology of bloodwood.
Describe the physiology of paddle-wood.
Describe the physiology of sealing-wax tree.
Describe the physiology of Transvaal teak.
Describe the physiology of african teak.
Describe the physiology of bloedhout.
Describe the physiology of dolfhout.
Describe the physiology of greinhout.
Describe the physiology of kajatenhout.
Describe the physiology of lakhout.
Describe the physiology of wilde-kiaat.
Describe the physiology of umVangati.
Describe the physiology of umVangatsi.
Describe the physiology of umWangati.
Describe the physiology of morôtô.
Describe the physiology of mmilo.
Describe the physiology of mvhangazi.
Describe the physiology of mokwa.
Describe the physiology of morotômadi.
Describe the physiology of mutondo.
Describe the physiology of muvhangazi.
Describe the physiology of murotso.
Describe the physiology of mukwa.
Describe the physiology of umVangazi.
Describe the physiology of umBilo.
Describe the physiology of mninga.
Describe the physiology of mutete.
Describe the physiology of mtumbati.
Describe the physiology of Burma creeper.
Describe the physiology of Chinese honeysuckle.
Describe the physiology of Rangoon creeper.
Describe the physiology of dong preah phnom.
Describe the physiology of vor romiet nhi.
Describe the physiology of udani.
Describe the physiology of bidani.
Describe the physiology of cekluk.
Describe the physiology of dok ung.
Describe the physiology of khua hung.
Describe the physiology of sa mang.
Describe the physiology of akar dani.
Describe the physiology of selimpas.
Describe the physiology of niyog-niyogan.
Describe the physiology of balitadham.
Describe the physiology of tartaraok.
Describe the physiology of cha mang.
Describe the physiology of thai mong.
Describe the physiology of lep mue nang.
Describe the physiology of sur quan.
Describe the physiology of qua giun.
Describe the physiology of day giun.
Describe the physiology of quar nac.
Describe the physiology of mac giaogiun.
Describe the physiology of may lang curong.
Describe the physiology of madder.
Describe the physiology of common madder.
Describe the physiology of dyer's madder.
Describe the physiology of European madder.
Describe the physiology of munjeet.
Describe the physiology of garance.
Describe the physiology of alizarin.
Describe the physiology of granza.
Describe the physiology of garanca.
Describe the physiology of ruiva dos tintureiros.
Describe the physiology of sanicle.
Describe the physiology of European wood sanicle.
Describe the physiology of sanicula.
Describe the physiology of lavender cotton.
Describe the physiology of soapwort.
Describe the physiology of saponary.
Describe the physiology of latherwort.
Describe the physiology of sweet Betty.
Describe the physiology of Fuller's herb.
Describe the physiology of bouncing-bet.
Describe the physiology of echtes Seifenkraut.
Describe the physiology of suopayrtti.
Describe the physiology of sæbeurt.
Describe the physiology of såpeurt.
Describe the physiology of erva saboeira.
Describe the physiology of saponaria.
Describe the physiology of saboneira.
Describe the physiology of saboeira legitima.
Describe the physiology of sabedoria legitima.
Describe the physiology of såpnejlika.
Describe the physiology of Saponaria rubrae herba.
Describe the physiology of Saponaria rubrae radix.
Describe the physiology of common groundsel.
Describe the physiology of groundsel.
Describe the physiology of ragwort.
Describe the physiology of simson.
Describe the physiology of old-man-in-the-spring.
Describe the physiology of tasneirinha.
Describe the physiology of cardo-morto.
Describe the physiology of palmetto.
Describe the physiology of saw palmetto.
Describe the physiology of Lady's thistle.
Describe the physiology of St. Mary's thistle.
Describe the physiology of holy thistle.
Describe the physiology of milk thistle.
Describe the physiology of blessed milk-thistle.
Describe the physiology of kenguel seed.
Describe the physiology of variegated thistle.
Describe the physiology of cardo Mariano.
Describe the physiology of Cardui mariani fructus.
Describe the physiology of Cardui mariani folium.
Describe the physiology of hedge mustard.
Describe the physiology of Italian smilax.
Describe the physiology of Eurasian greenbrier.
Describe the physiology of rough bindweed.
Describe the physiology of salsaparrilha bastarda.
Describe the physiology of salsaparrilha do reino.
Describe the physiology of salsaparrilha indigena.
Describe the physiology of alegra-campo.
Describe the physiology of European bittersweet.
Describe the physiology of bittersweet.
Describe the physiology of bitter nightshade.
Describe the physiology of woody nightshade.
Describe the physiology of blue nightshade.
Describe the physiology of blue bindweed.
Describe the physiology of tether-devil.
Describe the physiology of douce-amere.
Describe the physiology of dulcamara.
Describe the physiology of uva de cao.
Describe the physiology of doce-amarga.
Describe the physiology of amara-dulcis.
Describe the physiology of Bittersüß.
Describe the physiology of Dulcamarae stipites.
Describe the physiology of Indian redwood.
Describe the physiology of Indian mahogany.
Describe the physiology of bastard cedar.
Describe the physiology of rohan.
Describe the physiology of rohun.
Describe the physiology of Spanish broom.
Describe the physiology of weaver's broom.
Describe the physiology of ginestra.
Describe the physiology of giesta de Espanha.
Describe the physiology of gyldenris.
Describe the physiology of betony.
Describe the physiology of French tamarisk.
Describe the physiology of kori.
Describe the physiology of tamargueira francesa.
Describe the physiology of tarafe.
Describe the physiology of yew.
Describe the physiology of taks.
Describe the physiology of tasso.
Describe the physiology of Eibe.
Describe the physiology of Eibenbaum.
Describe the physiology of European linden.
Describe the physiology of little-leaf linden.
Describe the physiology of small-leaved linden.
Describe the physiology of small-leaved lime.
Describe the physiology of lime tree.
Describe the physiology of tilleul a petites feuilles.
Describe the physiology of Linde.
Describe the physiology of tiglio selvatico.
Describe the physiology of tilia da Europa.
Describe the physiology of tilia das folhas pequenas.
Describe the physiology of tila de Europa.
Describe the physiology of Carbo tiliae.
Describe the physiology of Tiliae officinalis flos.
Describe the physiology of Tiliae folium.
Describe the physiology of Tilium cortex.
Describe the physiology of large-leaved European linden.
Describe the physiology of large-leaved lime.
Describe the physiology of large-leaved linden.
Describe the physiology of big-leaf linden.
Describe the physiology of tilleul a grandes feuilles.
Describe the physiology of tilia das folhas grandes.
Describe the physiology of storbladet lind.
Describe the physiology of Carbo tiliae.
Describe the physiology of Tiliae officinalis flos.
Describe the physiology of Tiliae folium.
Describe the physiology of Tilium cortex.
Describe the physiology of hare's-foot clover.
Describe the physiology of rabbit-foot clover.
Describe the physiology of old-field clover.
Describe the physiology of dogs-and-cats.
Describe the physiology of stone clover.
Describe the physiology of trefle des champs.
Describe the physiology of trefle pied de lievre.
Describe the physiology of hare kl¢ver.
Describe the physiology of Hasenklee.
Describe the physiology of Ackerklee.
Describe the physiology of coughwort.
Describe the physiology of tussilage.
Describe the physiology of Huflattich.
Describe the physiology of f¢lfod.
Describe the physiology of tussilagem.
Describe the physiology of farfaria.
Describe the physiology of nardosmia.
Describe the physiology of casco de cavalo.
Describe the physiology of unha de asno.
Describe the physiology of Farfarae folium.
Describe the physiology of Farfarae flos.
Describe the physiology of English elm.
Describe the physiology of Engelsk elm.
Describe the physiology of mosqueiro.
Describe the physiology of olmo ingles.
Describe the physiology of gambier.
Describe the physiology of Bengal gambir.
Describe the physiology of gambir da India.
Describe the physiology of gambeiro.
Describe the physiology of Indian copal/eng.
Describe the physiology of piney tree/eng.
Describe the physiology of white dammar/eng.
Describe the physiology of dhupa/eng.
Describe the physiology of Malabar tallow tree/eng.
Describe the physiology of goma copal/pot.
Describe the physiology of goma da India/por.
Describe the physiology of thandorah/eng.
Describe the physiology of vine tree/eng.
Describe the physiology of European white hellebore.
Describe the physiology of white hellebore.
Describe the physiology of white false helleborine.
Describe the physiology of hvid foldblad.
Describe the physiology of veratro branco.
Describe the physiology of flor da verdade.
Describe the physiology of mullein.
Describe the physiology of orange mullein.
Describe the physiology of woolly mullein.
Describe the physiology of bouillon blanc.
Describe the physiology of Königskerze.
Describe the physiology of verbasco felpudo.
Describe the physiology of Verbasci flos.
Describe the physiology of Verbasci folium.
Describe the physiology of lesser periwinkle.
Describe the physiology of running myrtle.
Describe the physiology of creeping myrtle.
Describe the physiology of liden singr¢n.
Describe the physiology of kleines immergrün.
Describe the physiology of pikkutalvio.
Describe the physiology of gravmyrt.
Describe the physiology of pervinca menor.
Describe the physiology of congossa menor.
Describe the physiology of erva da inveja.
Describe the physiology of vintergröna.
Describe the physiology of sweet violet.
Describe the physiology of Parma violet.
Describe the physiology of florist's violet.
Describe the physiology of Neapolitan violet.
Describe the physiology of marts viol.
Describe the physiology of violeta de cheiro.
Describe the physiology of violeta de Parma.
Describe the physiology of English violet.
Describe the physiology of viooltjie.
Describe the physiology of johnny-jump-up.
Describe the physiology of love-in-idleness.
Describe the physiology of heartsease.
Describe the physiology of pansy.
Describe the physiology of biddy's eyes.
Describe the physiology of vild stedmoderblomst.
Describe the physiology of amor-perfeito bravo.
Describe the physiology of gesiggie.
Describe the physiology of Ackerveilchen.
Describe the physiology of Jaceae herba.
Describe the physiology of mistletoe.
Describe the physiology of European mistletoe.
Describe the physiology of gui de chene.
Describe the physiology of Mistel.
Describe the physiology of vischio.
Describe the physiology of mistelten.
Describe the physiology of visco.
Describe the physiology of Visci folium.
Describe the physiology of Visci albae stipes.
Describe the physiology of chaste tree.
Describe the physiology of hemp tree.
Describe the physiology of sage tree.
Describe the physiology of Indian spice.
Describe the physiology of monk's-pepper tree.
Describe the physiology of arvore da castidade.
Describe the physiology of agno-casto.
Describe the physiology of Agni-casti fructus.
Describe the physiology of cutleaf chaste tree.
Describe the physiology of five-leaved chaste tree.
Describe the physiology of chasta tree.
Describe the physiology of horseshoe vitex.
Describe the physiology of Indian privet.
Describe the physiology of negundo.
Describe the physiology of trasiet.
Describe the physiology of indrani.
Describe the physiology of nirgundi.
Describe the physiology of nilpushpi.
Describe the physiology of ai tuban.
Describe the physiology of legundi laut laki-laki.
Describe the physiology of lagundi.
Describe the physiology of lemuning.
Describe the physiology of lenggundi.
Describe the physiology of simali.
Describe the physiology of nigand.
Describe the physiology of habul fiqa.
Describe the physiology of sarsa.
Describe the physiology of sanbhalo.
Describe the physiology of panjkasht.
Describe the physiology of atlaq.
Describe the physiology of banna/danna.
Describe the physiology of paparau.
Describe the physiology of legundi.
Describe the physiology of dangla.
Describe the physiology of khonthi khemao.
Describe the physiology of kuno kamo.
Describe the physiology of kunning.
Describe the physiology of ngux traro.
Describe the physiology of molave.
Describe the physiology of small-flower chaste tree.
Describe the physiology of Indian ginseng.
Describe the physiology of poisonous gooseberry.
Describe the physiology of winter cherry.
Describe the physiology of ajagandha.
Describe the physiology of asgand.
Describe the physiology of kanaje.
Describe the physiology of samm al ferakh.
Describe the physiology of amukkirag.
Describe the physiology of amangura.
Describe the physiology of asvagandha.
Describe the physiology of ashvagandha.
Describe the physiology of asundha.
Describe the physiology of aswagandha.
Describe the physiology of bitterappelliefie.
Describe the physiology of geneesbossie.
Describe the physiology of vernietsiektebossie.
Describe the physiology of ubuvimba.
Describe the physiology of umaqhunsula.
Describe the physiology of mangrove.
Describe the physiology of mangrove.
Describe the physiology of grapple.
Describe the physiology of devil's claw.
Describe the physiology of teufelskralle.
Describe the physiology of duiwelsklou.
Describe the physiology of kalahari skaapklou.
Describe the physiology of skerpioen dubbeltjie.
Describe the physiology of veld spinnekop.
Describe the physiology of duiwelsdoring.
Describe the physiology of kloudoring.
Describe the physiology of wolwedoring.
Describe the physiology of leeudoring.
Describe the physiology of sengaparile.
Describe the physiology of legatapitsi.
Describe the physiology of Harpagophyti radix.
Describe the physiology of liquorice verbena.
Describe the physiology of cidreira.
Describe the physiology of melissa.
Describe the physiology of red stinkwood.
Describe the physiology of African stinkwood.
Describe the physiology of African cherry.
Describe the physiology of bitter almond.
Describe the physiology of iron wood.
Describe the physiology of rooistinkhout.
Describe the physiology of kiburraburra.
Describe the physiology of umkakase.
Describe the physiology of pygeum.
Describe the physiology of African plum tree.
Describe the physiology of Mkomohoyo (Tanzania).
Describe the physiology of Mseneo (Tanzania).
Describe the physiology of Ntasesa (Uganda).
Describe the physiology of Mueri (Kenya).
Describe the physiology of Ciruelo africano.
Describe the physiology of Alumty (Bamenda - Cameroon).
Describe the physiology of Kirah (Banso - Cameroon).
Describe the physiology of Lluo (Kom - Cameroon).
Describe the physiology of Vla (Oku - Cameroon).
Describe the physiology of Wotangue (Bakweri).
Describe the physiology of Muiri.
Describe the physiology of Tenduet (Kenya).
Describe the physiology of Gwane.
Describe the physiology of Mgambo.
Describe the physiology of Mkomohoyo.
Describe the physiology of Mseneo.
Describe the physiology of Ntasesa.
Describe the physiology of arad.
Describe the physiology of bitter albizia.
Describe the physiology of oosulay.
Describe the physiology of varacchi.
Describe the physiology of munja.
Describe the physiology of sherkam.
Describe the physiology of suranji.
Describe the physiology of thuringi.
Describe the physiology of unjal.
Describe the physiology of woomjai.
Describe the physiology of muvola.
Describe the physiology of common waterplantain.
Describe the physiology of water plantain.
Describe the physiology of padda-lepel.
Describe the physiology of American waterplantain.
Describe the physiology of great water-plantain.
Describe the physiology of marsh drain.
Describe the physiology of mad-dog weed.
Describe the physiology of plantain d'eau ˆ flûteau.
Describe the physiology of ratamosarpio.
Describe the physiology of svalting.
Describe the physiology of kranssvalting.
Describe the physiology of vanlig svalting.
Describe the physiology of chastukha podorojnikovaya.
Describe the physiology of zabieniec babka wodna.
Describe the physiology of vassgro.
Describe the physiology of vejbred-skeblad.
Describe the physiology of gewöhnlicher froschlöffel.
Describe the physiology of waterweegbree.
Describe the physiology of corr-chopag.
Describe the physiology of creat.
Describe the physiology of green chireta.
Describe the physiology of kariyat.
Describe the physiology of kalmegh.
Describe the physiology of roi des amers.
Describe the physiology of ki oray.
Describe the physiology of sambilata.
Describe the physiology of ampadu.
Describe the physiology of andrografis.
Describe the physiology of kariyaat.
Describe the physiology of aluy.
Describe the physiology of lekha.
Describe the physiology of sinta.
Describe the physiology of fa thalai chon.
Describe the physiology of fa thalai.
Describe the physiology of ya kan ngu.
Describe the physiology of cong cong.
Describe the physiology of khor diejp.
Describe the physiology of xuyen tam lien.
Describe the physiology of khee-pang-hee.
Describe the physiology of yaa kannguu.
Describe the physiology of snapdragon.
Describe the physiology of rabbit's mouth.
Describe the physiology of toad's-mouth.
Describe the physiology of calves'-snout.
Describe the physiology of lion's mouth.
Describe the physiology of flapdragon.
Describe the physiology of muflier.
Describe the physiology of bocas de lobo.
Describe the physiology of focinho de burro.
Describe the physiology of boca de dragao.
Describe the physiology of boca de leao.
Describe the physiology of erva-bezerra.
Describe the physiology of boca de dragon.
Describe the physiology of hemp dogbane.
Describe the physiology of black hemp.
Describe the physiology of black Indian hemp.
Describe the physiology of Canadian hemp.
Describe the physiology of American hemp.
Describe the physiology of amy-root.
Describe the physiology of bowmans root.
Describe the physiology of bitterroot.
Describe the physiology of Indian-physic.
Describe the physiology of rheumatism weed.
Describe the physiology of milkweed.
Describe the physiology of wild cotton.
Describe the physiology of Choctaw-root.
Describe the physiology of snakeroot.
Describe the physiology of woodruff.
Describe the physiology of asperule.
Describe the physiology of waldmeister.
Describe the physiology of Herba Asperuale odoratae.
Describe the physiology of ivyleaved toadflax.
Describe the physiology of kenilworth ivy.
Describe the physiology of male fern.
Describe the physiology of wurmfarn.
Describe the physiology of ormetelg.
Describe the physiology of almindelig mangeløv.
Describe the physiology of kivikkoalvejuuri.
Describe the physiology of stóriburkni.
Describe the physiology of coca leaf.
Describe the physiology of coca.
Describe the physiology of Peru coca.
Describe the physiology of Tasmania blue gum.
Describe the physiology of eucalyptus.
Describe the physiology of southern blue gum.
Describe the physiology of blue gum.
Describe the physiology of swamp gum.
Describe the physiology of eucalipto vulgar.
Describe the physiology of fever tree.
Describe the physiology of bahir-zaf.
Describe the physiology of kaliti (Galinya).
Describe the physiology of hemp agrimony.
Describe the physiology of Wasserdost.
Describe the physiology of hampflockel.
Describe the physiology of flocks.
Describe the physiology of floksört.
Describe the physiology of hampört.
Describe the physiology of hjortetrøst.
Describe the physiology of punalatva.
Describe the physiology of Eupatorii cannabini herba.
Describe the physiology of Alpine forget me not.
Describe the physiology of restharrow.
Describe the physiology of arrete-boeuf.
Describe the physiology of bugrane.
Describe the physiology of Hauhechel.
Describe the physiology of prickly restharrow.
Describe the physiology of spiny restharrow.
Describe the physiology of Ononidis radix.
Describe the physiology of Ononidis herba.
Describe the physiology of grass of Parnassus.
Describe the physiology of parnassia.
Describe the physiology of parnasia.
Describe the physiology of weeping wattle.
Describe the physiology of african wattle.
Describe the physiology of huilboom.
Describe the physiology of huilbos.
Describe the physiology of isiKhabamkhombe.
Describe the physiology of mosetlha.
Describe the physiology of umThobo.
Describe the physiology of African weeping-wattle.
Describe the physiology of Rhodesian wattle.
Describe the physiology of rooikiaat.
Describe the physiology of mosehla.
Describe the physiology of mosese.
Describe the physiology of ndzedze.
Describe the physiology of musese.
Describe the physiology of umsehle.
Describe the physiology of dopperkiaat.
Describe the physiology of rain bush.
Describe the physiology of nhlanhlanhu.
Describe the physiology of motlepe.
Describe the physiology of omuparara.
Describe the physiology of African false wattle.
Describe the physiology of butter bur.
Describe the physiology of echte Pestwurz.
Describe the physiology of Petasitidis folium.
Describe the physiology of Petasiditisradix.
Describe the physiology of pestskrå.
Describe the physiology of pestilensrot.
Describe the physiology of pestrot.
Describe the physiology of skrå.
Describe the physiology of Rote Pestwurz.
Describe the physiology of Hjartabla&eth;ka (Iceland?).
Describe the physiology of Etel&auml;nruttojuuri (Finish).
Describe the physiology of R&oslash;d Hestehov (Danish).
Describe the physiology of Tordenskr&aelig;ppe (Danish).
Describe the physiology of L&aelig;kjepestro (Norwegian).
Describe the physiology of eastern cottonwood.
Describe the physiology of cottonwood.
Describe the physiology of eastern poplar.
Describe the physiology of yellow cottonwood.
Describe the physiology of water poplar.
Describe the physiology of necklace poplar.
Describe the physiology of peuplier d'Amerique.
Describe the physiology of choupo da America.
Describe the physiology of common tormentil.
Describe the physiology of white willow.
Describe the physiology of swallow-tailed willow.
Describe the physiology of Huntington willow.
Describe the physiology of saule blanc.
Describe the physiology of Weide.
Describe the physiology of salgueiro branco.
Describe the physiology of borrazeira branca.
Describe the physiology of sinceiro.
Describe the physiology of Salicis cortex.
Describe the physiology of Salicis folium.
Describe the physiology of biting stonecrop.
Describe the physiology of mossy stonecrop.
Describe the physiology of golden carpet.
Describe the physiology of goldmoss stonecrop.
Describe the physiology of bird's-bread.
Describe the physiology of love-entangle.
Describe the physiology of wall grass.
Describe the physiology of pao de passaros.
Describe the physiology of pimenta das paredes.
Describe the physiology of saiao-acre.
Describe the physiology of golden rod.
Describe the physiology of European goldenrod.
Describe the physiology of Solidago.
Describe the physiology of vergadoro.
Describe the physiology of gullris.
Describe the physiology of almindelig gyldenris.
Describe the physiology of kultapiisku.
Describe the physiology of gewöhnliche Goldrute.
Describe the physiology of vara-de-ouro.
Describe the physiology of vara de oro.
Describe the physiology of Solidaginis herba.
Describe the physiology of Virgae aureae herba.
Describe the physiology of baldcypress.
Describe the physiology of valerian.
Describe the physiology of garden heliotrope.
Describe the physiology of allheal.
Describe the physiology of cherry pie.
Describe the physiology of valeriana.
Describe the physiology of læge baldrian.
Describe the physiology of erva dos gatos.
Describe the physiology of Baldrian.
Describe the physiology of Valerianae rhizoma et radix.
Describe the physiology of Aaron's rod.
Describe the physiology of mullein.
Describe the physiology of common mullein.
Describe the physiology of great mullein.
Describe the physiology of velvet dock.
Describe the physiology of bullock's lungwort.
Describe the physiology of flannel plant.
Describe the physiology of flannel leaf.
Describe the physiology of candlewick.
Describe the physiology of feltwort.
Describe the physiology of harebread.
Describe the physiology of adam's flannel.
Describe the physiology of velvet plant.
Describe the physiology of shepherd's club.
Describe the physiology of hag's taper.
Describe the physiology of filtet kongelys.
Describe the physiology of verbasco vulgar.
Describe the physiology of ulin ironwood.
Describe the physiology of african potato.
Describe the physiology of star-flower.
Describe the physiology of sterblom.
Describe the physiology of gifbol.
Describe the physiology of lotsane.
Describe the physiology of molikharatsa.
Describe the physiology of inkomfe.
Describe the physiology of white bryony.
Describe the physiology of raudgallbær.
Describe the physiology of tvebo galdebær.
Describe the physiology of punakoiranköynnös.
Describe the physiology of zweihäusige zaunrübe.
Describe the physiology of röd hundrova.
Describe the physiology of Canadian fleabane.
Describe the physiology of Kanadisches berufkraut.
Describe the physiology of Kanadabinka.
Describe the physiology of hestehamp.
Describe the physiology of Kanadisk bakkestjerne.
Describe the physiology of Kanadankoiransilmä.
Describe the physiology of bella umbra.
Describe the physiology of belhambra.
Describe the physiology of belombra.
Describe the physiology of bella sombra.
Describe the physiology of monkey grape.
Describe the physiology of ombu.
Describe the physiology of umbra.
Describe the physiology of dikboom.
Describe the physiology of bela sombra.
Describe the physiology of common club moss.
Describe the physiology of driedoring.
Describe the physiology of threethorn rhigozum.
Describe the physiology of three-thorn.
Describe the physiology of Kalahari soap bush.
Describe the physiology of mokuburwane.
Describe the physiology of mokurubane.
Describe the physiology of beechwood.
Describe the physiology of Transvaal beech.
Describe the physiology of African beech.
Describe the physiology of faia africana.
Describe the physiology of boekenhout.
Describe the physiology of transvaalboekenhout.
Describe the physiology of mongena.
Describe the physiology of mohlako.
Describe the physiology of n'wamidzumba.
Describe the physiology of monyena.
Describe the physiology of mofufu.
Describe the physiology of mutango.
Describe the physiology of isafo.
Describe the physiology of isefo.
Describe the physiology of red boekenhout.
Describe the physiology of rooiboekenhout.
Describe the physiology of bosveldboekenhout.
Describe the physiology of isiqalaba.
Describe the physiology of isidwadwa.
Describe the physiology of umonyela.
Describe the physiology of umcalathole.
Describe the physiology of Mukushi.
Describe the physiology of Mukusi.
Describe the physiology of Rhodesian teak.
Describe the physiology of Umgusi.
Describe the physiology of Zambesi redwood.
Describe the physiology of Rhodesian chestnut.
Describe the physiology of tree wistaria.
Describe the physiology of wild wistaria.
Describe the physiology of elephant wood.
Describe the physiology of vanwykshout.
Describe the physiology of olifantshout.
Describe the physiology of umHohlo.
Describe the physiology of Van Wykshout.
Describe the physiology of mpfimbahongonyi.
Describe the physiology of kgomo-nahlabana.
Describe the physiology of muswinga-phala.
Describe the physiology of mukumba.
Describe the physiology of motsokophala.
Describe the physiology of mogohlo.
Describe the physiology of wistaria tree.
Describe the physiology of nsukungaphala.
Describe the physiology of mogapa.
Describe the physiology of African blackwood.
Describe the physiology of Senegal ebony.
Describe the physiology of pau-preto de Africa.
Describe the physiology of Cape ash.
Describe the physiology of dog plum.
Describe the physiology of essenhout.
Describe the physiology of umgwenyezinja.
Describe the physiology of umgwenya-wezinja.
Describe the physiology of umnyamathi.
Describe the physiology of uvungu.
Describe the physiology of usimanaye.
Describe the physiology of umanaye.
Describe the physiology of inyamathi.
Describe the physiology of mmidibidi.
Describe the physiology of mudouma.
Describe the physiology of mutovuma.
Describe the physiology of musoso.
Describe the physiology of muxoxo.
Describe the physiology of sapato do diabo.
Describe the physiology of velvet bushwillow.
Describe the physiology of velvet-leaved combretum.
Describe the physiology of fluweelboswilg.
Describe the physiology of basterrooibos.
Describe the physiology of inKukutwane.
Describe the physiology of imMbondvo.
Describe the physiology of molatswe.
Describe the physiology of xikhukhutsane.
Describe the physiology of modubatshipi.
Describe the physiology of moduba.
Describe the physiology of umBondwe.
Describe the physiology of umBondwe-omhlope.
Describe the physiology of mokgwethe.
Describe the physiology of mugwiti.
Describe the physiology of grindelia.
Describe the physiology of edelweiss.
Describe the physiology of stella alpina.
Describe the physiology of flower of Salzburg and Tyrol.
Describe the physiology of Austrian flower.
Describe the physiology of globeflower.
Describe the physiology of engblomme.
Describe the physiology of alpine snowbell.
Describe the physiology of cobweb houseleek.
Describe the physiology of spiderweb leek.
Describe the physiology of cottony houseleek.
Describe the physiology of hart's tongue.
Describe the physiology of dwarf elder.
Describe the physiology of danewort.
Describe the physiology of elderwort.
Describe the physiology of sabugueirinho.
Describe the physiology of engos.
Describe the physiology of ebulo.
Describe the physiology of erva de S. Cristovao.
Describe the physiology of alpenrose.
Describe the physiology of Rostblättrige Alpenrose.
Describe the physiology of kidneywort.
Describe the physiology of navleurt.
Describe the physiology of common spleenwort.
Describe the physiology of mjältbräken.
Describe the physiology of kattgullbräken.
Describe the physiology of miltbregne.
Describe the physiology of rustyback.
Describe the physiology of schriftfarn.
Describe the physiology of black cohosh.
Describe the physiology of common dogwood.
Describe the physiology of dogwood.
Describe the physiology of bloodtwig dogwood.
Describe the physiology of swamp dogwood.
Describe the physiology of pegwood.
Describe the physiology of sanguinho-legitimo.
Describe the physiology of skogskornell.
Describe the physiology of benved.
Describe the physiology of hårdved.
Describe the physiology of vildkornell.
Describe the physiology of villkornell.
Describe the physiology of rød kornel.
Describe the physiology of mustamarjakanukka.
Describe the physiology of roter hartriegel.
Describe the physiology of Scottish laburnum.
Describe the physiology of laburnum.
Describe the physiology of Alpgullregn.
Describe the physiology of Alpegullregn.
Describe the physiology of Alpe-guldregn.
Describe the physiology of kaljukultasade.
Describe the physiology of kultasade.
Describe the physiology of hepatica.
Describe the physiology of cat's foot.
Describe the physiology of mountain everlasting.
Describe the physiology of asarabacca.
Describe the physiology of hasselurt.
Describe the physiology of europeisk hasselört.
Describe the physiology of taponlehti.
Describe the physiology of Haselwurz.
Describe the physiology of Asari herba cum radix.
Describe the physiology of wall rue.
Describe the physiology of melancholy gentleman.
Describe the physiology of astrantia.
Describe the physiology of globe daisy.
Describe the physiology of globularia.
Describe the physiology of bergskrabba.
Describe the physiology of kuleblom.
Describe the physiology of kugleblomst.
Describe the physiology of peony.
Describe the physiology of java tea.
Describe the physiology of kidney tea plant.
Describe the physiology of the' de java.
Describe the physiology of kumis kucing.
Describe the physiology of remuk jung.
Describe the physiology of balbas-pusa.
Describe the physiology of kabling-gubat.
Describe the physiology of ya nuat maeo.
Describe the physiology of rau meo.
Describe the physiology of cay bong bac.
Describe the physiology of lesser broomrape.
Describe the physiology of seaside alder.
Describe the physiology of amieiro maritimo.
Describe the physiology of Japanese burning-bush.
Describe the physiology of evonimo do Japao.
Describe the physiology of yohimbe.
Describe the physiology of yohimbin.
Describe the physiology of yohimbe bark.
Describe the physiology of match-wood.
Describe the physiology of mountain trumpet.
Describe the physiology of bois de mai.
Describe the physiology of bois de Saint Jean.
Describe the physiology of cordovan.
Describe the physiology of mandiocí.
Describe the physiology of marupauba-flasco.
Describe the physiology of morototó.
Describe the physiology of mucututú.
Describe the physiology of pará-pará.
Describe the physiology of pau-caixeta.
Describe the physiology of paxixica.
Describe the physiology of sambacuim.
Describe the physiology of anonillo.
Describe the physiology of sanch-uva.
Describe the physiology of yagrumo macho.
Describe the physiology of purple coneflower.
Describe the physiology of red sunflower.
Describe the physiology of roter Sonnenhut.
Describe the physiology of Herba echinaceae purpureae.
Describe the physiology of Colorado columbine.
Describe the physiology of red columbine.
Describe the physiology of wild columbine.
Describe the physiology of Canada columbine.
Describe the physiology of American columbine.
Describe the physiology of meetinghouse.
Describe the physiology of rock-bells.
Describe the physiology of honeysuckle.
Describe the physiology of rock-lily.
Describe the physiology of jack-in-trousers.
Describe the physiology of cluckies.
Describe the physiology of wild honeysuckle.
Describe the physiology of northern bush honeysuckle.
Describe the physiology of fewflower milkweed.
Describe the physiology of purple silkweed.
Describe the physiology of common blue wood aster.
Describe the physiology of common blue heart-leaved aster.
Describe the physiology of blue wood aster.
Describe the physiology of Nyasaland mahogany.
Describe the physiology of Red mahogany.
Describe the physiology of roseroot stonecrop.
Describe the physiology of golden root.
Describe the physiology of artic root.
Describe the physiology of king's crown.
Describe the physiology of orpin rose.
Describe the physiology of róeniec górski.
Describe the physiology of rosenrot.
Describe the physiology of rosenrod.
Describe the physiology of ruusujuuri.
Describe the physiology of burnirót.
Describe the physiology of rosenwurz.
Describe the physiology of roınis koren.
Describe the physiology of rozchodnice rıová.
Describe the physiology of hong jing tian.
Describe the physiology of iwa-benkei.
Describe the physiology of roosilõhnaline kuldjuur.
Describe the physiology of cha nang.
Describe the physiology of hae phan chan.
Describe the physiology of ian don.
Describe the physiology of khan nang.
Describe the physiology of krung badan.
Describe the physiology of lai phueak.
Describe the physiology of plalai phueak.
Describe the physiology of trueng badan.
Describe the physiology of tung so.
Describe the physiology of yik bo thong.
Describe the physiology of yik mai thueng.
Describe the physiology of phiak.
Describe the physiology of bedara pahit.
Describe the physiology of bedara putih.
Describe the physiology of bidara laut.
Describe the physiology of lempudu pahit.
Describe the physiology of muntah bumi.
Describe the physiology of penawar pahit.
Describe the physiology of petani bumi.
Describe the physiology of tongkat ali.
Describe the physiology of tongkat baginda.
Describe the physiology of payung ali.
Describe the physiology of babi kurus.
Describe the physiology of pasak bumi.
Describe the physiology of tungke ali.
Describe the physiology of markhamia.
Describe the physiology of mgambo.
Describe the physiology of Sydney peppermint.
Describe the physiology of Himalayan poplar.
Describe the physiology of bangikat poplar.
Describe the physiology of peuplier de l'Himalaya.
Describe the physiology of choupo do Himalaia.
Describe the physiology of chopo de Himalaia.
Describe the physiology of bagnu.
Describe the physiology of banpipal.
Describe the physiology of chalni.
Describe the physiology of chalun.
Describe the physiology of pahari pipal.
Describe the physiology of safeda.
Describe the physiology of East African camphor wood.
Describe the physiology of parasol tree.
Describe the physiology of setala.
Describe the physiology of mutati.
Describe the physiology of African nutmeg.
Describe the physiology of boxboard.
Describe the physiology of cardboard.
Describe the physiology of false nutmeg.
Describe the physiology of pycnanthus.
Describe the physiology of akwa-mili.
Describe the physiology of oje.
Describe the physiology of lunaba.
Describe the physiology of munaba.
Describe the physiology of calabo.
Describe the physiology of ilomba.
Describe the physiology of akomu.
Describe the physiology of cheloni.
Describe the physiology of mukria sal.
Describe the physiology of laukya.
Describe the physiology of needlewood.
Describe the physiology of schima.
Describe the physiology of chilauni.
Describe the physiology of kanak.
Describe the physiology of makusal.
Describe the physiology of madang gatal.
Describe the physiology of puspa.
Describe the physiology of seru.
Describe the physiology of khai sou.
Describe the physiology of Œmi.
Describe the physiology of boun nak.
Describe the physiology of gatal-gatal.
Describe the physiology of kelinchi padi.
Describe the physiology of medang gatal.
Describe the physiology of samak.
Describe the physiology of aule-chilaune.
Describe the physiology of goe-chassi.
Describe the physiology of sule-chilauni.
Describe the physiology of bunnak.
Describe the physiology of champa dong.
Describe the physiology of thalo.
Describe the physiology of mang tan.
Describe the physiology of simartolu.
Describe the physiology of v[oos]i thu[oos]c.
Describe the physiology of darot.
Describe the physiology of subagh.
Describe the physiology of subaraya.
Describe the physiology of hareri biiris.
Describe the physiology of mbarao.
Describe the physiology of Madagascar almond.
